[Music]
e
e e
[Music]
for
in the tonight you turn your nose up
just keep flying a kite I'm fine I'm
fine I'm fine I'm fine I'm fine
and if I told you you'd be mad this time
I've all the ones like me in the school
of
[Music]
honestly get a
bre I've been living in this hell
already I'm just another taret hold and
steady I've been living on my own since
then I'm nadic as they come
take so great and
powerful that you heard it all I need to
repeat myself you lening now
you you think I think I know you know
you said you think you're the best
[Music]
give you a second
chance but deep down they never
forget the cut deep like that I was brok
was not going to break again if my best
or rather I my heart to you but I
couldn't care less CU youon do the Des
your
[Music]
M nice very
good no more thank you
that was
great oh everyone this is your daily
dose of some kind of horse inside my
garage
hello I'm coming
in oh it's so
jolly no
don't or is it
bankrupts oh my goodness
May the I Carly
sounds
uh good
morning it's 1:26 in the morning and uh
here we
are let
me get
this so yesterday I finished after much
Struggle No Matter
what so that's good how much do I know
my music
oh how much do I know my
music let's find
out does that no matter what okay
[Music]
wait I'm
[__] okay I got
[Music]
it
cool can I just type by the
seaside thank you I don't want to type
the whole thing
that Revenge
fantasy no matter what
2018 oh my look at you see that save do
you see that
save do you see that
save nice
very
good let's put that
away
um or is it
bankrupt so today we yes exactly exactly
you get
it big ass sneeze
okay gay Yi video game Something
Something game mode on
okay time to play the legends of the
balloon
bro so snacking
right now I know what I
said I I know what I
said about these
but they do have their
value and I like it I I did get these as
well just the normal ones
but
yeah open the stream and suddenly
started laughing what's going on I don't
know yeah it's the river sticks
okay the sticks are different in that
they're they're just
like a little bit like
crunchy without having a ton of layers
it's like single stick Taki whereas
takis are like rolled corn chip
things
um this is a question uh does anyone
know if there's like a day limit to this
game as in
uh if I don't complete this game in a
few a certain amount of like in-game
days I just
lose the B is still cold from the broken
window and not too
inviting is this text just going to be
the same the window stands broken in its
frame the morning light hurts your
eyes the fan stands
still the lights are off again the
lights are on the switch must be broken
because nothing happens the switch must
be broken because nothing
happens the air
a mirror hangs on the bathroom wall in
it your face adorned with the
expression
oh interesting
okay no time
Li is it daytime I can barely
tell turn up my voice yeah one second
um let's do the
properties is that
better the door is closed still no
answer still
nothing
okay this guy knows his balloons I'll be
real with
you oh
the twink approaches why are there
always at 2: a.m. because this is when
I'm
awake morning looks like we can get to
work at once the union musle turned up
they look Rowdy we should talk to
them I mean ungovernable Martinez isn't
exactly enthusiastic about the RCM being
here boner to be policed by the Union
these men
here I wish I wasn't
nocturnal my body will hate me if I'm
not men who drink beer for breakfast
there's talk of an armed wing of the
Union called The Hardy Boys who are
responsible for sage policing I think
it's
them I completely forgot sorry I had a
rough night sleep Dam by the looks of it
loud and nasty just like the manager
said one lose thread less to worry about
and one big problem to replace
it that would just escalate tensions no
Captain would sign off on it solving one
murder isn't worth a conflict between
the RCM and the deard
Union in fact even the death of two
detectives might not warrant an all war
so let's keep a cool head okay
everything points to the duck workers un
need the belt used for hanging him
strikes in the mud the circumstances in
Martinez my preliminary information
which may of course all be wrong but we
still need to talk to them and it won't
be easy one more thing before we do we
don't have to talk to them immediately
we can walk right past them continue
with our
business yeah
StreetWise Zoom right past do it on your
own terms
but aren't you curious to know what they
have to say about the murder yes they're
in no hurry to leave them they think
they own the place anyway I leave that
choice to you whatever you decide is
fine by
me yeah that's the other thing is I
stream at a time that's less good for
Americans and like better for everyone
else just fine by me also this guy
cannot figure out this [__] bird can
you can I help
you just a
moment she's agitated judging from the
way she keeps pulling at the Frid edge
of her blanket and there's no public
phones nearby the closest phone booth is
down the coast sorry for the
inconvenience
ma'am it's fun I
understand thank you
anyway I'm glad to see you again
dear yeah I understand I mean the way
the reason I'm like this is because my
own insomnia too
so it's not
ideal if I can fix my sleep schedule
eventually I
will but not specifically to stream just
because it's better for me
please don't trouble yourself about me
sweetie I was just hoping to make a call
but the whirlings phone line isn't
working the union office probably has a
phone but I can't really get there or to
the phone booth down the coast and
Gary's phone is dead
too the manager was vague about it
uhhuh why would he be vague about phone
problems this is something to look into
later ask God maybe to let the young
woman who house sitting for us know that
we may be delayed Morel my husband and
our friend Gary were supposed to get
back by Monday night but they're still
missing and I haven't heard from them I
was also hoping she'd heard from Morel a
little Miss inperson puzzle might just
be the thing thing to take your mind off
The
Hangover that's just it this isn't like
him at all he always plans his
Expeditions so carefully yeah the
narrator's voice is really [__] good
but you have more important things to
worry about
just some field workor sweetie Morel is
a highly trained scientist he and his
assistant Gary are studying an extremely
rare species of
insect but they should have returned by
now they were just going down the coast
across the water lock to set a few
traps he said they'd be back on
Monday what could be keeping them
oh sweetie it's nothing like that Gary's
as loyal as they come I trust him with
my husband's life any
day there's a nameless old fishing
Village nearby but we've never had any
trouble there before there is a lot of
crime around here isn't
there you should most certainly bust a
down awesome
style I can't say it's the best part of
time
but I wouldn't worry too much about a
pair of grown men traveling
together some fringe science is exactly
what's needed right now spice up that
vanilla murder
investigation are you sure we have time
to go chasing after bug Hunters just now
I did suggest we played cool but
if you say so he's so mad oh thank you
officers truly I I'll be right here if
you come across any sign of
morel oh sweetie it's fascinating but I
shouldn't bore you with enological Myer
the lieutenant gives you a sideways
glance
well it's a fmid technically
but ah yes fasm toia a diverse group of
insects whose bodies resemble Twigs
leaves that sort of thing ghost insects
Glo where other FMS imitate sticks or
leaves this one's a living re it
disguises itself among the reads here on
the insul Indian Coast hence it's named
the insul Indian fmid perhaps you'll end
up co-discovered the fmid with us
officers to be honest this animal sounds
like a Cryptid you wouldn't happen to be
searching for some kind of gome of Gera
would you it's simply elusive so much so
that most establishment zoologists doubt
it exists at all establishment I thought
so
yes it can blend in almost perfectly
among the reads it's how it stayed
hidden all these years centuries
even not at all why else would it hide
itself so
carefully well some teenagers making out
in the read saw one they they didn't
know what it was of course but there was
a brief article in a local newspaper
about their encounter with a ghost
insect that looks like the reads Gary
sent us the
clipping of course most fmid sightings
turn out to be false alarms but their
description matched the Insel Indian
fmid perfectly and they didn't even know
what they were looking at enthusiasm has
wiped the worry from her face her eyes
sparkle behind her glasses oh she has
bug autism I get it I suppose I have
something something of a personal
connection to the insy Indian fmid all
scientists have their little hobby
horses oh I doubt it no one gets into
crypto zoology for the money
sweetie oh dear I'm afraid I'm not
explaining this very well it is very
special what is
what what are you talking
about top left corner
here this is left for
me wow everyone's laughing all of a
sudden it's
crazy yeah what's
up can I help
you wait please what
I don't get
it no what no eggs
v no
way why is what
where that's just like a tray for like
coins and stuff
you okay what are you talking
about oh the door yeah that's that's the
cat that's the uh the
kitchen we can go in the
kitchen eggs belong in the
kitchen uh
don't worry about
nothing okay cool Morel can explain it
all much better I wish you could hear
him describe it then you'd understand
I'm
sure oh dear I'm not sure where to begin
H well his expression is slightly grumpy
but his eyes are always bright and
curious like a small boys and his palms
are quite coarse from all the field work
but he's quite
gentle you can't go around revera
feeling grown men's hands if you want to
find her husband you'll need more
concrete
information oh well he's a bit shorter
than you but with a larger frame and he
has longish white hair usually a bit
uncombed you might say wild even the
lieutenant pulls out his notebook and
begins jutting down the woman's
description is he interested one other
thing he'll likely have all kinds of
field gear on him even if he's not out
in the reads you know just in
case we'll be celebrating our 16th
anniversary this
Autumn not the most numerically
satisfying anniversary but I like the
less obvious Milestones even more
somehow bya dating agency I'm ashamed to
say I was looking to get back into the
scene after recovering from my accident
and he just divorced we hit it off and
well here we are she's skiing over some
important parts perhaps you'll find out
more later I hope I've been
useful okay let's go to the co let's go
to the kitchen
nothing she's ski
she's you know what tiberious come in
here exactly
exactly the man Ponders his cooking
utensils and gives you a little nod
acknowledging your presence I'm within
Kim help
me he looks up at you then looks away
quickly shrugging and muttering
something to himself shrugging is an
international sign for no I don't know
what's behind that
door Kim get out of
me kimothy
let me handle
this detective
disorientated are you still wondering
where you
are this is mares in case youve
forgotten I advise you not to overstay
your welcome her entire character has
shifted this young woman is cold as ice
no I am not a gardener I'm a legal
counselor for the dog Workers Union okay
so let's get to it you're looking for
Titus hardi you think he has information
that will help you maybe he does that's
Titus talk to him but know this I'll be
keeping an eye on you no strong aring
nothing official the District of
martines does not recognize your
authority to make
arrests it doesn't matter if you
recognize our Authority we will make an
arrest if we have to she says nothing
her glare speaks for
her why is she completely
still I don't think that's
planned oh there okay
okay yep my favorite character in the
whole game with so much to
say can I help you
well you can help
me this is where you say you're
bad he and his men carry themselves like
giants you'll need to prove your metal
to be taken
seriously Detective
hey hey [__] you harder hearing us
something the boss man's talking to you
do not let their squeals disturb your
Serenity these are but simple peasants
s oh this is about him a real looker
that won't you're sure taking your time
waiting for him to get ripe and pretty
for you huh yep oh he was a real pretty
boy by now real hot stuff letting out
that pretty boy
smell yes
Glenn keep saying these words time to go
to work in the [__]
Factory why is everyone talking about
the [__] Factory shanky have you worked
there easy
boys these janitors have a hell of a job
cut for them I mean I wouldn't go in
there for a
million you might want to start asking
your questions now it's not going to get
better than this do a head count First
Connect these men to the tracks you saw
in the yard chances are they're going to
match starting from the right boot size
44 blonde man in his 30s overbearingly
masculine once the world to know he's a
Metro Meto man tobacco chewing and
knuckle cracking who else do we have
here sitting on his right standard
working boots size 45 or 46 eldest in
the room probably mid-50s smoker quiet
across at the other table hog nailed
working boots size 43 gang tattoos
mesque or Sarah marzian in his late 30s
early 40s he spent his youth in Villa
labos a housing project in the Jamrock
quarter there were incarcerations hard
to say what else the ink is
fading and then standard working boot
steel reinforced Toes size 46 six the
big dick wide at the shoulders and lean
at the hips rugby cap fingerless gloves
and numerous scars a little under
40 the emblem on his vest says Rowan
Club a little patch below it reads T
Hardy
captain in the far Corner standard
working boot steel reinforced Toes size
44 40 something non-alcoholic beverage
in hand you squint is that a
plum on his neck forget it it's not
important let's call this one the
musician size 41 with the light step not
a child after all an older man with a
rat face mean watery eyes and two front
teeth missing
in the middle heaving and wheezing big
guy boot size 46 deep marks probably
carried the victim over he alone is 130
kilos add the man in armor and you could
easily exceed 220 in conclusion these
seven are the actors on the crime scene
the footprints were theirs but there's a
discrepancy exactly you've stood there
for about 4 seconds not saying anything
hit them with questions where's the
eighth
Hardy it wasn't her was it the [__] is
with you
fella these do not feel like the right
questions to ask right now
the pretty boy you guys really love
talking about that pretty boy funny but
my partner and I have a serious matter
to discuss with
you container belt like we use in the
harbor because we took it from the
harbor where we work then we went out
back and used it to hang him we did
this
together all of us until he was
dead that's why there's a container belt
around his neck there's a catch hidden
somewhere he didn't confess so that you
could take them all away it's too
simple there is no catch these seven
honest men have all will equally come
forth to tell you what happened so that
you don't waste any more of your
time all seven together the diluting
responsibility it's an anti- arrest
tactic are you deaf there will be no
singling anyone out you can't arrest a
Hardy Boy without arresting all Party
Boys was she the was she the eth do you
think you could do that do you think you
could arrest them
all a trick question don't let her lead
the conversation
but rhetoric has a a tendency to to want
to be emotional it is not logic rhetoric
is
rhetoric I guess I'll Trust it in this
case question mark That's for the courts
in lein to decide not for the officer
making an arrest which we all know you
won't be what you can do right now is go
back to your station and write a report
no no we'll stay here and discuss what
happened that night
you don't have to keep answering his
questions I know Lizzy relax we killed
him last Sunday night seemed like a good
way to end the week known him we don't
associate with scum like that [__]
yeah who do you think we
are unlike drama rhetoric is 99% of the
time Frost all caught up quiet he came
around about 3 weeks ago when that P cow
first sailed into town Happy by the
pines cow you mean the representative
for White Pines the shipping company
you're striking against no I mean the
Pines cow the stupid ass cow they sent
in to [__] us over but you know what why
don't you ask her about the pretty boy
I'm sure she has interestes in things to
say when you ask her hard enough that's
enough insinuation for today Titus
officer your interview is drawing to an
end don't waste your last
questions I feel like I know the answers
to these
two and I don't really care if they
don't have remorse or not cuz I
understand like we just watched this
play out uh kind kind of with the
uh the assassination earlier I
think I also don't feel like arresting
them none of these options are
enjoyable I could never be a cop
because I'm
better um
why cuz he was worthless mercenary
scum and he stepped out alive in my town
like if this if this were
me I I can't really quite tell what
their motivation fully is with the way
they constantly call it a lynching it's
it's concerning
me that maybe I misinterpret in things
but my current interpretation
is
um personally killed was like
probably anti-worker rights or something
or some sort of Aristocrat or some sort
of like person that operates for the
status
quo these people are working
people
uh and it was
like some sort
of Act of resistance
towards their rights being
stripped maybe that's how I am
interpreting this so far and I could be
missing details here so knowing that I'm
probably missing details with the
current interpretation I'm just sitting
here like I I would just leave them
alone
I wouldn't do
anything it's like
whatever it's like I don't know
sometimes you just got to cap a
CEO you know what I
mean I am he stepped out of
line what kind of Mo merary the kind
that shows up when you start a strike
the experienced kind too had cooy and
seanine written all over him ex Oran
Special Forces aive grenade right here
in our
bar the main problem I'm having with my
interpretation is I can't tell if there
is I don't
know I can't prove it but I know oh he
was sent by the wild Pines they hire
merch [__] like that story of every
strike from here to
Samara cuz one night he walked straight
up to the mic and said I'm AR goddamn
Special Forces and I'm going to [__] you
all really yeah really had a Jin and
tonic up there sank some orines
paratrooper song and said he's going to
[__] everyone we couldn't believe it
either but he [__] did right there
like some kind of
animal s the tale is
true this is a serious violation of the
karaoke C of the karaoke
code wrong he harassed women raped one
harassed workers threatened to kill some
as a warning like if these people are
telling the truth
like I don't I don't know dude I didn't
see it from rape to harassment to
threats of violence why the strange
deescalation he regrets a mention in it
hopes you didn't notice
oh to kill us all if we don't open the
gates if we don't let the scabs in if we
don't bend
over that was before he started coming
here yeah he said it was his favorite
joint now started to come in here every
night drinking grabbing girls grab one
of ours mid karaoke right there on the
stage he grabbed
someone yeah this girl's on the mic a
beautiful girl young gets into the
second verse of love a lake the [__]
grabs her legs starts screaming show me
your [__] why don't you show me your
[__] then he gets knocked on the head
with a wine bottle does even fall
down the woods okay aren't you [__]
listening my man is talking to you he
took care of it they got the girl out
before anything else could happen yeah
me and Eugene got her out aren't you
[__] listening there's something odd
here seems like they don't want to talk
about that rap Titus mention why not
this is a serious allegation make them
talk about
it no you're not getting the name that's
a Martin's matter I'm not discussing it
with you clowns there's nothing you can
do for now he's stonewalling you
interesting we hanged him up by his neck
until he got real still wasn't that
obvious copper didn't they teach you
anything at the cop School idiot this is
where an autopsy would come in handy you
have to work with what you
know Titus you don't have to clarify
anything we overpowered him dragged his
unconscious body to the tree put a noose
around his neck and hanged him till he
was dead and steady then we left him for
seagulls maggots you [__] make them a
bit more uncomfortable first then see if
it all adds
up with numbers [__] how do you think
you're right Lizzy not done enough
explaining here no he hasn't not
yet weren't you [__] listening the
[__] came to our bar it happened right
here this one has a distinct style he
puts so much whiny emotion into
everything he says it's hard to see if
he's lying but he could
be
83% there's no way I roll low on This Ti
to is solid as a rock and so are a few
others
but okay
no of course he's having trouble
breathing just look at how [__] fat
he is [__] off shanky Angus is a
powerful guy all muscle keep your eye on
this powerful guy sooner or later he's
going to break like a piece of
twig and [__] you too poer picking on
Angus like this we're done with this
schoolyard [__] and just so you know he
doesn't have trouble breathing this one
is a stone wall you won't get more out
of them about the night of the murder
not yet like what
coer how many people have you sent to
the Shay's ever felt remorse for them
Shay's electric is the method of capital
punishment in revon under the Coalition
during the suar rain's Reign it used to
be the firing squad or send them to
reunion to R for 20 years for
Life the river Esperon Correctional
Facility a military prison run by the
Coalition dump reunion by the inmates
the origin of the name is
unknown all four of these answers
[__]
suck I wish I had the option to just not
say
anything have I thought about communism
plenty you're talking about in game or
real life because either way it's still
plenty but just different
contextually also yeah the fat shaming
when the only person in this room that's
a twig is like Kim is also funny as
well Kim Kim needs a
sandwich we can fix
him I would choose forgetfulness from
drinking see I I that's like the most
neutral one I can think of but at the
same time it's like oh wow you're really
that careless that you don't think about
these people as
people you know what I mean it's like
these all [__] suck the yes these
people are bad people is is so stupid
look I'm just doing my job is so status
quo what we do is different no it
isn't actually it's
worse oh all of these suck I'll just do
the [__] doesn't remember them he
just forgets are you hearing this Titus
Ain no use keeping a stiff catalog in
your head that's for
sure nothing your investigation here is
done leave Martinez go back to your
stations where you belong I think we're
going to stick around thanks some things
don't add up here Titus I've done this
job for long enough to know that people
don't just confess to first degree
murder even if it is a group
responsibility we are going to look into
this good luck with diet you've heard
everything a Renta cop is going to hear
from us real law
officials you're lucky you didn't get a
beaten what are you talking about Mt man
there's no E Hardy Boy this seven of us
and we're all here or what you want to
be the eighth Hardy boy we ain't hiring
actually boss we've been talking and we
think she could
maybe she so there's an eighth Hardy and
it's a Hardy girl who might it be
Elizabeth the guarder shut the [__] up
Glenn i d we're talking here now what
the [__] do you want cop it has to be
good if he won't let you pursue it looks
like the lieutenant thinks so too John
Disco is a bit dense isn't here so let
me get this straight there is an a Hardy
boy it's a she and you don't like us
talking about her that's right we're not
talking about this this is a private har
boy matter nothing to do with your [__]
and you're not cops here don't go
digging around if you don't want a
bullet in the back of your head I'm
watching you good we are all watching
each other officer your question
again just get the dead guy's autograph
since you're his biggest
fan good one Titus about [__]
time yes
you seem to be following
me I've got nothing to say to you why
are you wasting your
time are you the hearty girl I am not
you could be Liz you could be anything
you could even be a model even a mod
Glenn I went to law school I am an
attorney he's right with a face like
that she could be on the cover of lutant
international
so [__] what lots of models are
actually really smart people [__] wad no
Glenn they aren't this didn't change her
opinion of you it's not her she's not a
Hardy girl
definitely like I already told you I'm a
legal counselor do you have hearing
problems
Yes
actually wait they took the money be was
money
here they took the
money what kind of hearing problems do
you have I actually don't I had I was
just deaf in one ear for one year
[Music]
okay okay hold on
I can't internalize anything right now
[Music]
how many skill points do I
have one
left I was working on Inland
Empire there's
that uh
why
not oh new fog of War just dropped
oh my God racist lorman is still
here looking for something Aunt come to
tell me to [__] off
again oh man oh that's great look at
that guy go I haven't seen anything that
funny in a while God
man thanks for that but no it's not mine
he doesn't live in Mares
still here stuck in this damn Jam my man
what's
up okay so
oh there's so
much find speed and sniff
it I'm sneezing the thought of
sniffing the materials sneezes me
the pissing
competition oh I see this is the only
one with the time thing cocaine only
comes around later in the game oh thank
goodness I was worried they would give
me the overpowered stuff from the start
sing
karaoke track down with the gun
so I we can start with
just in the Morning Light the white on
Blue police Livery on the motor Carriage
cannot but catch your eye do something
important something murder related
there's always something important
doesn't mean you can't take a moment to
admire this piece of machine
this is a Caprice Cana The Caprice Motor
corpse follow up to their highly
successful Workhorse Caprice 40 and the
answer to the Lums racing breed FV
series with its aircooled rear mounted
12 cylinder compression ignition engine
driving the rear wheels through a
four-speed manual gearbox the Cana is
able to reach 100 km per hour in 13.5
seconds and go on to a top speed of 180
kilm an hour the high Center of balance
is offset by a large battery Bank
mounted at the bottom of the cabin
feeding all the auxiliary systems and
making the Cana effectively a mobile
power
plant even at a standstill the unibody
capris Cana looks sleek and dynamic the
cabin is tilted frontward to give it a
more aggressive punched look I like so
don't care about cars someone has waxed
it
recently mhm you want to take a closer
look I have tuned into speed freaks FM
yes yes an Extraordinary
Machine it's nice and all but why so
modest put some Zing into it flare it up
slam it down helium headlights would
improve the range and quality of the
visual field a
lot actually I have a pair at home just
haven't gotten around to fitting them
yet I need to lay some wiring for the
ballast
first
maybe yes definitely maybe okay gay boy
and means no oh
130 I reckon that's a 7 L V12 there man
that's got to be a major advancement
over the kr18 GU engine on the old C
40 Mama serving some serious
macaroni you lost me there
the kinima is fast feels right at home
on the raised motor truck hard to find
something that could overtake it AR Ru
suers Sonic a racing motorbike for the
road could probably do
it all
right is this still the
same an old called East Delta Commerce
Center yeah looks like it
do you have anything and I mean anything
better to do
Kuno
anything [__] does Kuno
care Kuno doesn't [__]
an inconspicuous pile of the roofin
material
eonite the man before you is naked but
for a pair of Underpants and white boots
his skin is marbled with decaying
veins the man before you is naked but
for I'm
gone I hate you you stink and you're
boring I'm a joke
look at
me a
killer a
[__] and a killer go ahead
kobal into the wild pile Yonder in the
past way out in the west what do you
mean it's the power of your
imagination go ahead ask me more
questions because you're a
cooperon look at all of them
go do you want more
questions yes here you go you
Looney is my name Rooney [__] no you're
no Rooney
no you don't between you and me your
name is probably
Harry because you have I hate you you
stinking you're boring do I remind you
of someone oh [__] child born with M's
disease Haro quinism grown up
miraculously a deepsea
creature you sure rled out of that one
cini come back later
coo amuse yourself with my Frank manners
and my mimo mod
features if possible
also see me in your
dreams okay
dude of course come back
later the steel reinforced belt presents
a unique challenge I brought CH Gus but
I don't see a good angle of approach to
the Belt he doesn't actually think the
challenge is unique he thinks it's
frustrating annoying and harder than he
thought the cadav is a good 1.2 M up
neither one of us can reach the belt
without assistance and even if we do
there's the question of cutting the
Airship strength
material I was really hoping we wouldn't
the union appear to be suspect in this
case it seems like a dangerous route to
go
down I would really prefer if there was
another way these people might have an
agenda but what other options the corpse
twists on the Belt like chicken on a
skewer someone else you mean like the
police what was that about processing
then weren't they to take care of the
boots why don't they
help no think of the boys from
processing as murderers only instead of
people they murder crime scenes
processing is a wrecking crew they know
how to commission off items and how to
work the incinerator in the mor I know
it's hard but I assure you the others
won't come to help us and we have a
growing sanitary concern here we need to
get him down fast climb up there and S
the branch there has to be a less risky
way with less falling down of
trees yeah bang bang time Pig shoot his
head
off oh with a buckle ties the Rope to
the branch that's a good spot to
aim where ah yes I see if the shot hits
that there might be a chance to releas
the Belt yeah now we're talking
entertain a kuna with some [__] no miss
the pigs will miss
kuna I'll blow his head
off take it take the shot yeah take the
shot Kuno wants some of that [__]
Silence with his elbow sharp the
lieutenant unzips his jacket and
produces a lightweight firearm he drops
a paper cartrid in the barrel separates
the scouring stick and gives the
cartridge five
tucks securing it in place that's a keil
a990 Armes mass-produced muzzle loader
athetic Frugal one of the most common
firearms in the
world and it shoots macaroni he then
steps back and assumes the fellow stest
position
taking aim the corner of his eye
twitches his finger is on the trigger
he's going to [__] the chi voice is
drowned in a shrill blast that Echoes
off the walls of the surrounding
tenements a cloud of smoke slowly Parts
in the air as the lieutenant steps back
and says to himself God damn
it a lot of things were wrong with that
shot the fellow was the wrong choice his
shoulders were raised but above all he
cannot trust his eyesight [__] idiot
M [__] Kuno could have hit it easy
but then Kuno is not [__] handicapped
is he Kuno is sorry too Kuno feels sorry
for the Pino Cloud the lieutenant
doesn't say a word just looks at the gun
in his hand I have to say It's Beginning
to Look unlikely we can get him down
with assistance you know you don't feel
like too bad of a shocked yourself
it's bad as it is us shooting Firearms
like
punks go ahead I'm not stopping you just
don't lose it I only have one gun this
is the sorriest pair of pigs kun's ever
seen yeah take it you [__] banani
poer take it and shoot yourself in the
mouth actually the proper way of saying
it is to step in front of the headlights
of my Carriage that's the funny way of
saying it
the cold piece of bake light and
gunmetal is surprisingly light your
fingers fit right through the guard
instinctively resting on the trigger
you've held this an A9 Armistice before
at some point it probably used to be
your choice of firearm it still feels
comfortable the [__] are you waiting for
Kuno tell him to shoot himself in the
mouth the Buckle comes into focus in
your sights
you stand with your feet planted firmly
in the ground and your left hand
supporting your gun arm I don't think
it's very firm he's shaking why don't
you just shoot yourself in your mouth at
least you won't miss
or what you going to [__] me you want to
[__] me pig is that what this is about
your field of view Narrows the branch
slowly moves becoming entirely
two-dimensional
the metal buckle glimmers catching the
morning light as the corpse slowly
rotates the slow movement of the branch
in the wind and your shoulders directing
the gun sink up dancing hypnotically I I
think he himself is dancing hypnotically
look he's crying you going to cry now
[__] [__]
the Buckle explodes into tiny pieces
coming loose with a word nice with your
hand numb from The Recoil you look at
the body slump down for a moment the man
appears to kneel in front of you looking
straight at you helpless trapped within
itself
communism it takes a millisecond for the
association to flash with in your cortex
you have no idea where it's coming from
only that it's right then the riger in
his muscles gives up and he smashes
sideways into the spring mud letting out
a horrid
stench by being a damn good shot Aces
High the aces high a custom invented by
the aerostatic brigades during the
revolution is used to celebrate success
in reveron especially in sports the G
spread across the world despite the
defeat of the revolutionaries themselves
dance twink dance dance for my amusement
you could add an's low to it if you like
by turning your back after the high and
waiting for
another leave him
hanging this just a nice a nightmare for
rejection dysphoria
the high arrives with a sharp slap as
you turn around there is a moment of
Doubt feels like that low ain't going to
connect chill it's going to connect but
then it does and with furious Precision
the lieutenant is not one to leave an
AC's load hanging the lieutenant is not
one to leave in Aces low hanging oh it's
fire oh it's beautiful the twink nose I
knew these guys
were guys is it Gat a high
five wait how would Kim feel about
this Kuno cracks with laughter sounds
like someone strangling a seun it's
clear he enjoys himself I knew they suck
each other off what now we will perform
a fotop and determine the cause of death
but before excuse me slumped on the
ground like that has not improved the
way the corpse smells the fall seems to
have released something deep inside it
it looks like I feel like taking a break
from the St I'm sorry to interrupt the
jubilations here just a little breather
before we do the
autopsy yes the four phases of a murder
scene one investigation of the scene
I'm satisfied with that part the trash
container the prince we've been thorough
enough two initial examination of the
victim we were exhaustive in our efforts
there good job three field autopsy this
will not be pleasant or easy and it will
have to be performed on the scene the
[__] are they on about cops are going to
cut his [__] up next for and final
transport of the coroner's case to the
district morg I'll do that God these
things no you and I are detectives the
honorary rank of detectives signifies
our ability to handle the entire
incident chain from crime scene to
autopsy to cleanup we do it
all an honor and a burden attached to
your rank mine is Lieutenant detective
unfortunately I can't tell you how tired
I am of this corpse with shooting like
that of course you are your station
would not have have assigned you to this
case otherwise in the meantime we should
try to interview Evar Clair the leader
of the Union Harbor property was clearly
used in the hanging the harbor just east
of here getting in might prove a
challenge though or we could ask heran
for the representative of the logistics
company my initial information says the
wild pans have sent some sort of strike
negotiator to rangle control back from
EV
yes and those were the interviewees
let's
go the rotting man lies on his side with
his eyes looking straight through you
the belt is still around his neck his
body is suine and open to intrusion by
autopsy the lieutenant adjusts his
glasses
and takes a deep
breath
okay so
okay why did it say I did I get an
item I guess it was just the gun
probably
no I'm thinking about
it okay if I forget something what
happens is it worth forgetting something
if it's useless
everything seems useful though so I have
no
idea uh I wanted to
what was the thing I needed to level up
for this
thing Kim you're blurry Kim Kim you're
blurry an inconspicuous pile of the
roofing perception
sure an inconspicuous pile of the roof
because there's a secret door hidden
behind the panels of eonite that's why
there're two
orderly there it is you see a Shabby
little
door well that was sound
design what is this then a tool shed
let's investigate
yellow PO amphetamine sweet
amphetamine maybe this Kuno kid knows
where to find more the lieutenant isn't
studying the powder in the mirror he's
studying you heyo there's a good vague
way to ask where he stands on drug use
professionally I mean
perhaps not this is below our pay grade
detective however see that ladder there
it's probably another way into the
industrial Harbor no the secret path the
local kids use now K I want them to
someone told me someone said that they
they don't end up together it makes me
upset
mummified no wait wait I want to go back
this doorway is going to collapse soon
that feels like a scheduled thing rather
than like an observation like oh this
door is set to collapse on like July 7th
just so you
know how do I get up there
okay
[Music]
so much dollars yes Kim no not you move
along twink looking at the
bottom a lot of good that did here
so
wait the jacket
yeah I was trying to figure out if I
could get that from below
here I clicked on it and it
was
okay I
see St I will say the movement
system the movement system in this is
very hard to pull off with like the
looks like someone left his tarping
cloak hanging on the railing here when
the wind Ruffles the cloak you can most
definitely see a white rectangle on its
back yes it's probably yours it Bears
the RCM inia and you have a habit of
being careless with your
equipment you could probably make the
jump you look like you've done some
track and field in your day
the wind is aggressive up here the
lieutenant looks at the enormous crane
towering in the distance over the
container yard that machine is a Calson
HK [__] now that's a huge
crane is it Quon makes a lot of heavy
equipment but this is phenomenal even
for them
but I dig Grace we were focusing on your
cloak
here I don't know how it's
zero I could level it up I
think that might be a good
idea the tarping cloak with possible RCM
markings is still caught on the railing
I was under the impression we are on our
way to meet the king of this Castle
Under The Siege Evart one of the people
we are interviewing this way we may be
able to get around his
henchmen or it could be that we are just
exploring the cloak I do think it's
yours yes as to whether you should go
for it well it doesn't seem too
dangerous two M stops whenever you're
ready to do it I'll be right behind you
the cloak looks like a bag of goodies
floating in the wind who knows what its
Pockets May
hide ping cloak with possible RM markets
is still caught
railing as you leap in the air chil Bree
you sharpening your
senses maybe it was a 5050 it's at 8%
though ankles tingling from the tension
blood roaring in your ears you are ready
for your runev Vu with the conquered P
are you sure that was really a
50/50 is that is crazy if I just hit hit
a hit a high on
8% did anyone see what the role here it
was like a perfect or
something which is probably still even
less likely
but as the concrete floor welcomes you
you realize it's been a while since you
felt so alive alert capable must be the
adrenaline I knew you could do it my
climbing down might not have been as
disco is your jum but at least we can
explore the harbor now climbing with
your feet firmly planted on the concrete
the noise of the harbor rushes back
in finger pistol 9
mm snap snap baby turns out guns aren't
that much for protecting as they are for
attacking people if you want to protect
people really work for them you have to
whip out your signature duel 9 mm Vere
finger pistols who needs need real guns
anyway that conversation you just had it
would have gone better had you snapped
those bad boys at him note 9 mm dual
finger pistols do not count for an
actual weapon in a gunfight
good I think that might be
useless but it's fine I have it for now
no it's
needed it's surprisingly very useful is
it I am not good at clocking this
whatsoever huh I thought that was the
cloak at first wait why am I wearing
that okay
why is he kind of wa
mind is he like going to zip it up or
what
does it not do that oh it's a cloak I
just
realized
he I don't know if there's a single
outfit that he can work
with where's this
the front of this quarterly Journal
features a large satirical portrait of
the late King frel from the sides of his
head a pair of white antlers spread to
the corners of the
cover because white antlers are one of
the symbols of Communism they represent
a society in accord with the natural
world and at the same time above
it because Freel was incompetent foolish
and cruel in short the embodiment of
everything the communards wished to
overthrow its satire you
see to your disappointment there aren't
any full color pictures to direct your
attention just column after column of
closely set text interrupted
occasionally by little Doodles in black
and
white after rifling the pages with your
thumb several times you return to the
table of
contents the magazine is divided into
several sections International
Development and local concerns wait just
inside the cover there's also an
editor's note comrade as you know this
journal takes its name from mez's
immortal expression du cryistal alaume
this was his way of describing the way
the rigid crystalline structures of
capitalist ideology turn to smoke under
communism but like the structures of
capitalist ideology we too are at risk
of going alaume unlike many Publications
which are content to spoon feed their
readers reassuring driil laume is
committed to telling the radical truth
even when that truth may drive away
potential subscribers only four issues
in and it sounds like they've already
alienated their
readership so please if you value our
radical mazovian perspective on
contemporary politics culture and
international Affairs please consider
subscribing today yours in struggle the
editors what do you expect it was laying
around the office of the dealers Union
they're probably Bank running the thing
you flip back to the front of the
magazine the table of contents unfolds
before you this section includes a long
tedious critique of the latest round of
free trade negotiations between the epis
Nations and the free state of semine you
also skip over an article about heavy
fuel oil smuggling along the mesk
missina border something about bear
wrestling in Samara
book riots in Yugo
grad whoa whoa whoa bear wrestling flip
back to
that all right let's see what this bear
wrestling is all about it seems to be
part of a new public Fitness initiative
in the People's Republic of Samara SRV
devised and promoted by none other than
president Kinski himself according to
this extremely credulous account Uncle
sport as he's affect ately known to his
people has recently decreed bear
wrestling the national sport of the
SRV of course not the article makes
plain that this is man on bear or in
some cases woman on bear
competition two competitors one ring
five rounds or until
incapacitation according ording to the
srv's ministry of information the
program has been a tremendous success
public support stands at
87% and youth obesity and alcoholism
rates are down 12% and 7%
respectively this is the SRV we're
talking about if you think those are the
real numbers there's probably a guy who
wants to sell you a bridge in L Shir
in the
[__] what are you a statistician did the
moral intern send you on a fact finding
Mission this is the SRV Party Line
comrade the Samaran People's Republic no
I should expect not why do you ask
AR you thinking it' be fun to partake in
a bear fight I suppose that would be
something to
see you flip back to the front of the
magazine the table of contents unfolds
before you okay tell me about C servant
it takes a moment but gradually it Dawns
on you that Kun unto must mean arts and
culture why they decided to title this
one section inv vda is beyond you as you
leave through this section you come
across several reviews of recent radio
plays as well as a brief artist
Spotlight featuring a local artist
identified only as CS oh CS I think you
should go the main feature though is a
long essay titled tiptop Tor a critical
mazovian perspective the
juner the woker the tiptop T is an inter
eoli racing series mostly known for its
high speeds ludicrous sponsorship deals
and high death toll in Rell is held
quadren on the prestigious zero Carousel
racing fatty can you play the creek for
sound
thank
you this so-called artist Spotlight is
really just a brief Q&A made all the
briefer by the subject's evident
hostility to her
interviewer you think you're settling in
for a relaxing recap of the most recent
season maybe sprinkled with some nice
anecdotes about a few of the more
colorful
drivers in instead you find yourself
skimming a 10,000w feature about all the
politically problematic aspects of
tiptop
Tor where to even start for one there's
the crft commercialism of its
sponsorships and then there's the
practically criminal emphasis on deadly
motor
crashes so all of it
basically oddly enough this article has
two by lines nasep encalada berell and
exellis buer there's no way those are
real names have you ever met anyone
named
exilus come on they're plainly
pseudonyms and that precisely is what's
problematic about it were it not for the
promise of random spectacular violence
or audiences would quickly lose interest
at the end of the day it's the
destruction of these
750,000 real races that you're really
watching
for you see one cannot avoid the
conclusion that tiptop Tor is simply the
apotheosis of spectacular entertainment
under capitalism
come on can this article read your
mind a certain kind of young man reads
one or two books and suddenly thinks he
understands the secret structures of
reality if I had to wager I'd say
they've never even seen the inside of a
motor much less a motor race I take
whatever they write with a large grain
of
salt you flip back to the front of the
magazine the table of contents un
unsurprisingly much of this section is
taken up with articles declaring
unqualified support for the Dock Workers
strike you skim the headlines paint the
harbor red and white martines tames the
wild Pines a city in
Revolt First We Take martines then we
take lad Delta lad Delta finally there's
a brief article by the writer G Martin
accusing the owner of the capeside
apartments of illegally attempting to
evict certain communist tenants simply
for not having paid their
rent charging rent to live somewh was
pretty outrageous the writer G Martin
remarks dry that capitalists love wealth
redistribution so long as it's only
redistributed upward
it's true the rentiers have been
bleeding you dry you really ought to
find your own place one of these days
you flip back to the front of the
magazine got the Comm the table of
contents unfolds before
you Kim doesn't seem very keen with the
Communists
the dark liquid in the pot looks almost
sentient Venom K what do you want to do
in the bathroom
enough on Second Glance someone has
forgotten to properly close one of the
drawers it's unfortunate for the union
to just leave their paperwork laying
around like this the drawer opens
smoothly inside is a well organized
selection of brown folders hundreds of
documents containing logistical data two
kinds of transactions Stand Out
materials coming into riversa from the
outside world from muindi grad and even
ilara and the same materials being
handed over to companies inside Rell
kuron Cole City lad Delta and Jamrock
are listed among the many districts
where the Imports are being sold it's
hard to make sense of this Thicket of
company names dates quantities and
percentages you try to focus but the
lines are getting blurry
do I have a volition
item
okay just wear the
classes um
okay the F cabinet stands steady is look
how blurry all the lines on these papers
are how unwieldy hermeneutics was almost
within your grasp but now it's
okay I'm playing the game as it was
intended the F cabinet stands steady as
a look how blurry it's okay I'm playing
the game as
intended the F cabinet stand steady look
how blurry it's okay I'm playing the
game as
intended the far cabinet stands still
whatever's hidden here is hidden well
concentration isn't enough only a
trained accountant with a background in
logistics would be able to really make
sense of it however there is a little
handwritten note stuck in the first
try it appears to be a to-do list
written in large uneven capital letters
remember Leo ever's shoes special
whirling B water ever's plants sweep
office floor more
banners ahuh all items on the list have
been crossed out and the note itself is
crumpled EV Clair probably the head of
the deers Union one of his AIDS must
have left it nothing incriminating here
the special bch seems a bit odd in the
list remember Leo all items on the draw
s okay well that wasn't terribly
important
maybe typewriter won't you find me
Solace as
print for
inqu what does that
mean oh I can walk down here I couldn't
tell
a rusting control panel with several
knobs two buttons marked msh and aret
are faded with use it seems to control
the large crane above a container is
attached to its hook block Marsh on aret
off okay I don't I don't know what this
is for yet so
I I just want to walk
down thank
you go back there
this is the night watchman's Booth the
name on the door reads Rene an
no listen it's okay to take a few
minutes to yourself sit down and have a
breather
huh if you must but please hurry we are
pretty easy to spot up here nothing
incriminating catches your eye the
cabinet are clean and their sparse
contents meticulously organized there's
a framed photograph on the table take a
picture of the picture it's a black and
white photo of a young couple out in a
street fair the man Renee is dressed in
a Royal caribon uniform the girl is
Young and very pretty she is smiling
playfully at the camera why did you take
that picture of
R fine but let's move I don't want to be
seen snooping around
here all those empty wine bottles and
cigarette butts on the ground someone
partied really really hard here well yes
I think we can see his relative
confidence that it was you
yes this scene isn't exactly reaping
with joy let's just move
on why can't I just walk
down oh can I not oh it's
broken that time it was
not okay
money
the great machines are
sleeping container container container
container container I'll turn you nice
and red container coner Theos on the
lyrics to this container song are being
made up as he goes along the accent is
so thick it's impossible not to notice
he's Ubie from the vanishing peninsula
of obun on M container container used to
beines contain
coner
Nows do not interrupt the little man in
his joyous activity I will interrupt
him he looks after everyone huh well hey
there how can I help you mister I see
you are not a union man mister did you
get lost you're not one of them scabs
are
you I mean I don't personally mind folks
is just folks you know and folks got to
eat just some of the other guys don't
look too kindly on the scabbing kind if
you know what I mean
mister container
freestyle oh easy Leo that's
uh I
see are you the Leo who wrote the note
to make more B Banner
oh I'm just making some covers for them
containers here yes I am yes I am so
it's easier for the crane operators to
spot
them the containers in the yard are
green in Wild Pine's Livery and the
mountains Rising behind Leo is all red
in Union colors it's like some red
infection was spreading outwards from
the container yards core there appeared
to be systems underneath the union
container
covers no not really M erat doesn't tell
me all the big things says I go and tell
them to
everyone oh I don't know Mister they say
it's some chemicals most of them have
labels on them I think yes they're
hiding it from the inside all the red
containers have the Debo's Union logo on
them oh no trouble at all Mis no trouble
at
all the little guy affirms
merrily oh yes BN and raised in a Rish
Mister mom had to leave my dad after we
got a bit violent took us here to the
new new world I was about 10 then too
old to lose my accent then people say us
ues are up to all sorts of trouble with
sheep and other animals and whatnot I
just want you to know there was never
any of that where I come from no sir
those are just nasty rumors thank you
for clarifying that
sir
okay yes yes everybody needs a job and
this is mine I'm Leonard by the way
Leonard Bell but everyone calls me
Leo I'm like Mr Everett's right hand man
when Mr Edgar is out of town and Mr
Edgar's right hand man when Mr art is
away actually miss bufor is the
right-and man but she's a
lady who is this miss buffal a real
pretty lady with a skin like those do su
candy bars my misses like so much them
are real nice to suckle on once the
dinner is done and me and the misses sit
down besides the radio but I can't
listen to the radio all the time there's
so much to do around here and I'm always
busy keeping things running here yes I
am yes I
am I think you're doing a great job
around here Leo yes this place really
seems to run like clockwork keep it up
Leo the lieutenant Smiles at the little
man well thanks a lot coming from you it
means a lot
really sometimes I feel some of the guys
don't really get how much I bust my ass
for them here but you guys are all
right why did he have to swear that's
not
good yes yeah I'm like actually who is
this a real but I can't listen to the
radio all the time poor Lizzy she is a
real sharp tool Mr art put her through
some fancy school and everything east of
the river four years she was gone and
when she came back she was all fancy and
lawyerly he respects that word that's
obvious but she's a real nice girl grew
up in this here neighborhood knows
everybody and gets along with everyone
real pillar of the community one day I'm
sure if me Miss and me was to have a
child I'd be real happy if she turned
out like her but she can't have kids Dr
lra said so and she knows about such
things being a doctor for almost 50
years she
has Law School could she be talking
about the union fixer AKA The
Gardener looks like it I'm not sure what
a fixure is but she is a real nice G
smart as a whip too telling the gardener
you know her name might throw her off
perhaps something to consider
later oh most of the guys are down at
the gates keeping the scabs from coming
in we're on a strike the whole Union is
you don't have to work when you're on
strike ha we haven't worked for two
months now so no one is working not
everyone is down there of course Mr evro
is in his office where he always is and
Jean Luke is guarding the gate but Titus
and his boys got into some drunken
trouble and aart sent them on a nice
vacation for a week or
so interesting interesting very
interesting well I'm not really supposed
to talk about that that's Union B
business him and his boy stirred up
something in town probably drank too
much and got into a fight or something I
heard Mr everra telling him to take some
time
off no I don't think they killed anyone
let's better talk about something else
Titus and his boys do good work I don't
want to get them in trouble over a
little drinking he probably doesn't know
anything anyway who in their right mind
would tell
him oh yes yes I leave all kinds of
notes for myself that old head of mine
ain't so good at keeping things in no
more I almost forgot about the B what
was that about the B oh yes I've been
taking special whirling bch to the men
every day since the strike
started it's very very good makes a man
feel so warm and happy I feel like I
could take on Mr renan's boogs every
time the lunch is done
yes yes I'm taking it to them the borch
keeps them happy and in fighting Spirits
makes you all warm inside they brew it
in the whirling in
rags oh the whings cook he makes it them
is always talking with Mr Manana in that
weird language and laughing together he
doesn't speak what we speak he's from
grad
oh sure Mis sure you do that yes sir he
didn't actually understand what you
meant and now he's just nodding
along oh that one that should be empty
as far as I know lots of containers here
have nothing in them they're just
waiting to be loaded up oh you want Mr
art then he's an awfully nice fellow he
is him and his brother are both nice
fellows they've lived their entire lives
in this here
neighborhood guys like like Mr Evra and
Mr Edgar his brother are real good guys
made marize what it is today Mr Evra and
Mr Edgar and I went to the same school
we did when we were boys oh Mr Evra is
where he always is in his office of
course bye bye now
what is
halflight threaten people oh I like
threatening
people let's get our threat
on I might be useful for the thing
coming
up never change easy
Leo offbrand
halflife I don't know about that
oh I want coffee
[__] wait this is the office inside a
bunch of
pallets I mean containers s the
words
interesting wait what oh there we
is not the guy from
revengeance toy fish that's all
time before you is a warmers of a man
seated behind a large desk he looks up
from his work not the least bit
surprised to see you with great effort
he straightens himself up in his chair
yet says nothing he simply stares at you
with a mixture of expectation and
impatience well
bottled welcome Mr D Mr kitsuragi it's
good of you two to stop by please have a
seat I'm art art CLA head of the Dez
Union here at Martin
a I'd offer you my hand but
unfortunately my health prevents me from
getting up you understand he looks
extremely comfortable the tiny fold in
chair on the other hand looks like a
torture device you go ahead
detective whatever he has in store for
you it can't be good he thinks I'll do
my best forget about that what's with
this debois stuff you're getting some
seriously bad vibes from that
name was going to call arler
so how blind is this run for it it's
pretty
blind no idea one that's going to happen
I guess
uh that's until a few TR and
beats right
okay well
oh how do I say this
uh it'll just sound like he's on Twitter
it'll just sound like a Twitter
bro please Mr deis let us Converse in a
civilized manner as equals take a seat I
insist it's nothing yes that's probably
right it's nothing forget about it
filter it
out excellent Mr deir I can see that you
are reasonable man and reasonable men
reasonable men can be of great use to
one
another is his name Harry deis
wink back so tell me how can the head of
the deard Union help a representative of
the reval citizens militia today
reasonable T the chair you're sitting on
has got to be the most uncomfortable
chair in the world it's violating your
backside by the way I heard you got a
rather rude reception from a certain
Lawrence G some people have no manners
it pains me to say this should take care
of that
nonsense a giant novelty check on his
desk it's comically huge it should be
sufficient to C your expenses for a few
days and patch over your differences
with a cafeteria manager go ahead take
why did I sit there I don't know wow
that's 25 R that's good money you need
it
yes I know Lawrence he's a real
character no Union man in him a real
piece of work that boy is with a grin he
points to the checker game it's like
you're on a game show at least don't
thank him for
it don't mention it but also don't
forget it I'm just kidding of course
he's not now I'd like to set your mind
at ease about one other matter your lost
gun let me assure you Union people are
on it as we speak I've got my best
hounds looking for that lost gun what
what is this guy knows many details his
slug-like lips move but all you hear is
an echo lost gun lost gun lost
gun the world is swallowed by a black
hole of fear only two words escaped its
gravitational pull lost and gun when he
said don't worry he actually meant be
very
worried I know everything Harry right
now I know that you're worried don't be
worried everything's going to be all
right it's not like you left it loaded
you didn't lose a loaded gun local
children aren't out there playing with
it right now pointing it into their own
mouths it's in a safe place I just know
it I have a feeling everything's going
to be all right it was loaded there were
two bullets in it you always keep at
least two barrels
loaded minus two to composure the chair
is killing
me what's going on with this
chair took the novelty check the car is
killing the chair is killing you wow I
made all the wrong
choices I'm playing this too much of a
pushover officer we will deal with this
later we don't need Mr Claire's help
with this I wouldn't be so sure about
that who does this guy think you are
Ronnie the rookie you ain't worried
about no lost gun or unpaid bill or
forgotten name you're the bad cop you're
probably more corrupt than
him [__] yeah remember when you tried
the expression on that little MX in the
silver
jumpsuit that was
you snap snap the fat man shoots those
finger pistols right back at you he
seems to be enjoying the display good
now lean in with some
corruption that we do Harry let them say
what they will about you and me we're
both born
Fighters why thank you it's always nice
when a fellow professional appreciates
your work that's it now kick back and
add a final flourish for dignity
you strike me as a reasonable man Harry
I like that in a law man let's cut to
the chase shall we what can art CLA do
for you I think we'd like to ask you a
few questions don't you think so
detective somehow you managed to get
yourself out of this one now quick keep
the momentum up ask questions whatever
you do don't ask him about the gun first
you don't want him thinking you're
scared oh of course that's your main
thing here that's why you're in Martin a
I know everything that goes on around
here and I would love to discuss it with
you I mean it's no secret that the
lynching is connected to the strike so
much to talk about honestly it's been
weighing on me so heavily I understand
you need to interview me but there's a
thing that's been keeping me up at night
I want to talk about the hanging I mean
if we could just calmly talk exchange
information we could blow this thing
wide open yes that sounds good let's do
that but I can't think straight with
this thing Weighing on me you're police
officers aren't you I have a crazy idea
you guys are basically door opening
machines incredibly talented at opening
doors I'm not sure I understand if
you're asking us to break down someone's
door it's not going to happen come now I
just need you to go open a little door
for me and leave it unlocked a simple
thing absolutely nothing shaking about
it an excellent opportunity presents
itself sire you could win the trust of
the arch liar pretend to play into his
hand then should you wish Bend his
efforts towards your
own Harry I'm a very busy man and more
importantly
I don't have that extraordinary physique
you do you look like you could run
around all day you want to send someone
a message that the police are working
for you I repeat I'm a very very busy
man Mr kitsuragi and therefore I must
occasionally enlist outside help so what
will it be Harry oh no one's it's just a
weasel a weasel lives there nothing you
to worry about a loud blabbering weasel
when weasels feel no one is watching
they stop start acting foolishly just go
there unlock the door and leave it open
it's been such a burden on me Harry I
just want this to be over so I can
discuss business with you Harry my dear
friend I am what people call a local
bigwig I know everything that goes on in
mares fantastic my friend just let me
know when it's done and we can take our
friendship to the next level you can get
the key from from Manana he's down by
the gates Manana is like a free agent in
the Union Special Operations hardened
socialist a real free thinker too he'll
tell you precisely where the door is one
last thing
Harry just open the door you don't need
to go in or anything I just want that
weasel to come home and see the unlocked
door Elman
I don't know what that means Harry Shady
Brew there are so many moving Parts in
my operation I can't keep track of them
all you know what don't even tell me
whatever it is do it surprise me just
one thing if you can make it even
shadier he sincerely has no idea what
you were talking about and he doesn't
care either of course let us dispatch
with the formalities you call me everard
I call you Harry that's what the hang of
corpse called you Harry my God so it's
true I didn't want to believe it but you
are a fantastic science fiction Amnesia
cop aren't you what are the odds of that
I think the odds of that are very low it
might be a good idea to hide your
confusion I mean see what his game is
first so good to hear that Harry
apparently my sources were wrong however
if you did have a spot of memory trouble
I could help you out with my big fat
faler words flow like a river of honey
from his
lips I guess word has already reached
him no matter no harm done it's just a
brown folder you can't make out what's
written on it are you trying to tell me
you've gotten hold of sfar documents Mr
kitsuragi would you mind me and Harry
are talking about his lost identity
right now sorry the mouse I'm like I'm
like bouncing up and down
like can I even show this I'm like I'm
like doing cuz my legs here I just have
I'm just doing
this I don't know cuz my leg's like
moving my my hand my
hoof don't just jump to the folder
that's not smart shows you're on the
edge do some probing first I'm glad you
think it's
cool it's Harry Harry
de don't be silly Harry Harry de that's
a real man's name a union
man's Mr kitagi doesn't seem even
slightly empathetic to your memory loss
Harry I however wish to help you any way
I
can well Harry if I were to sum you up
in one word it would be
apologetic well you sure come off us
very confident in all our interactions
Harry you're a real man's man he's
probably just making a guess based on
your recent activity in
Marise family Harry you're not a family
man there's not one PE of family in here
unless you think you're a family man do
you strike yourself as a family man
Harry that's why I like you Harry a good
man knows both his strengths and his
weaknesses and you my friend you are one
of the alltime
great ah this my friends in your
organization gave it to me Harry this
translates into ahha you guys are so
corrupt I find that very suspicious may
I have a look I'm afraid this is meant
by Union Eyes Only Mr kitagi I'm sure
you understand please continue
Harry as you look at the folder everard
covers it with his hand and pets it he's
hiding it from you because CU it's not a
real RCM folder it's just another one of
those brown folders you saw in the file
cabinet okay Harry you got me this is
from the Census Bureau not the RCM those
Census Bureau people are absolutely
corrupt you should do something about
them he got the name from the Census
Bureau and everything else from your
actions here in Martinez yes yes Mr
kitsuragi from the Census Bureau like I
said now I'm actually a very busy man so
is there anything else I can do for you
Harry that means he doesn't really know
anything about you a Pity the mystery of
you will have to remain a mystery for
the time being yes that's what I said
try to keep up okay let's move on Harry
honestly I'm just relieved you didn't
get a hannia a man your age
enough wackiness let's get back to
business H you did look like you were
going to collapse and die when I told
you about your lost gun anyway I assure
you I am a very well-informed man
information reaches me before I even get
the chance to request it take a shot
every time he says man that's a good
point I don't think this game passes the
uh the beal test
yes your lost gun my best men are on it
they're turning every stone searching
every playground asking kids grandmas
everyone your gun will be found Harry
let me assure you of that it's just a
matter of time and effort the only way
to find it seems to be working with him
he might even be holding your gun
hostage
who knows only one thing is certain if
you work with him you're going to get it
back and working with him might be the
only way to do
it should I say keep
it like bluffing for certain but will
that work
I'll do it I don't care about my gun I
love it Harry wish I could be like that
but I can't I have a responsibility to
this community I can't have a loaded gun
out in the streets the officer is
exaggerating of course we care about the
missing firearm and we are actively
looking for it as well excellent Mr
kitsuragi that's excellent news looks
like we have a friendly gun finding
competition on our hands wait you need
this to get in and out through the
gate here you're one of us now a real
red and white Union man take care hurry
what a silly
man so quirked up and
bisexual it's like a little
guy oh hey mister I knew you'd be back
to talk with old Leo here yes I did yes
I did it's like lady Larice said when
she opened a bath house in the basement
of my apartment building they can only
get so far before they're aching to get
back and lots of folk really did keep
coming back no trouble at all
mister I have no
questions thank you Leo very Co
I'm so ungrateful Leo that was awful
so how'd you like our Harbor you've been
in there he means talked to the boss man
too
probably it's but a rest area on the
bath leer across open
planes right you talk to the boss eye to
eye like men of the plane if you have
any more questions I'm set to
talk a key huh what door is this key
supposed to
open of course I got you you don't know
anything I got that key right here and
let me tell you it's mighty good of you
to help us out during the strike working
class solidarity as they
say polar
weasle
oh I know what you mean I'm pretty sure
he's actually ocidental though so you're
going to be committing fra suicide my
racist friend that's what that meant I
thought we were talking about like
animals what you're looking for is a
basement door behind the greenhouse
that's behind the whing and Rags that's
all I know our organization is what you
call
compartmentalized means we keep out of
each other's
business because
wait cuz we were talking about the uh
what the cryptos zoologist wife
conversation I was like I thought that
maybe like uh
animal study is reference of some kind I
did not catch that damn
it okay but where did you get the key
from the janitor gave it to me nice
fellow we talked about life and things
that really truly matter none of this
mess were in this Jing and juggling
what's it for to feed our children I
guess too bad you're locked in Welcome
to
Hell God damn it I took the Elon Musk
route took the Elon Musk
path I'm more of a philosophical dock
worker I like to talk about the big
picture stuff who I am who you are what
we are fighting for he means he's not
going to tell you C he doesn't know but
he will shoot his mouth off with you now
that you're working forever out who he
is and what they're fighting for this is
interesting Los Aris they're an
independent militant group a bit too
high strong but it comes with the
responsibility they're sort of like you
preserve the rule of law and all that
except it's ard's law but really they're
just like you we're negotiating our
share
hi this stuff they already
covered
wolf it's not enough not enough to get
ahead more about keeping us in our
place
woo all of it however right now we want
all the harbor workers to be on the
company's board so they could take part
in the decision making process this
seditious talk sounds like communism
just so we're on the same page communism
is basically wanting to kill the rich
people or deporting them to a labor camp
in southeast gr but don't say that out
loud if you're a communist
heyy I think it's best you make up your
own mind now that you've met it
my eyes he is a capable organizer and a
decent
businessman I guess you kind of get to
be the village chief he oversees the
harbor makes deals with the owners or
other relevant parties watches out for
his own by that you mean corruption by
Heavens why would he not be corrupt we
live in a harsh and disordered world see
and in this world the old man is corrupt
for our benefit and we know it
appreciate it even he is personally not
too lavish
okay he's reasonably lavish sure that's
his prerogative It's not like you want
to saintly demean on a corrupt
[__] that would be a
manipulative
illusion that's fair besides there are
no non-corrupt systems in the world
anyway and moralism is the most corrupt
of them all this man has political
Theory and it has not failed him
today I think it's best you make up your
own mind he's probably in his container
at the harbor so head right on in there
but didn't we just talk to him and
doesn't he know
that
no I don't think I'm a communist seeing
something of value and saying I want it
all to myself is a much older and
simpler notion no signs to it at all
even a weak child can think it the only
things holding someone back are I can't
and I shouldn't
and none of the above kind of man no
harm in being
that sure I've had the necessary free
time fortunately there's always time the
look in his brown eyes conjures up an
understanding for him having command of
his time is the most important thing it
all comes together now the way he speaks
about scabs his General attitude he's a
follower of a 500-year-old Franco
Nigerian boero code itself an
appropriation of vistine cool what by by
buk that of a noble peasant or a
traveling herdsman true to yourself
independent in your actions loyal to
your friends
no no the man sits on the railing his
hands reaching far and wide yet it feels
as if he could effortlessly go even
wider if need be an endless torent of
time the mercenary
eh who could have killed him that's
indeed the question why even do such a
thing
what a thought why would Noble workers
resort to such a thing unless they were
pushed of course your dead guy was an
enemy
combatant he was an agent of the
opposition attempting to undermine our
honorable efforts homogenic Banner true
actually not an opinion everyone would
uh agree with in in the bu world but I I
I kind of agree with you I ain't the
murdering type but that's just me large
organizations like our Union have all
sorts of men with all sorts of skills
he's not lying about not doing it
himself understood this has been of
limited use still thank
you homogenic batter is a very good take
I appreciate it no
problem I [__] miss wondering man
how can I help you I didn't mean to
click leave whatever this part wasn't
too
important I'm sorry to be able to sort
information from this game now which is
good cuz at first I was like oh no I
can't read the [__]
radio um is this about the questions
again cuz I don't really know
anything uh wow I didn't know you worked
for the union
sir anything else I can do for you no
you don't work for the union the union
works for you by supplying you with
cash that was easy worryingly
so I I just see a lot more vocal support
for rest routine
but you see several packaged rang coats
fill a low shelf beneath a display of
crossant and Juice bottles the raincoats
are transparent except for the big FR
slogan on
FR how are you
doing right to work right to work shame
on you
that's still
happening I want to see if I can get on
the
roof you see a heavy you immediately
feel drawn to the
color can I help
you so okay
uh the
autopsy find the logistics
company representative
the
cook okay so that was that place in the
back I
remember why do I have nine communist
points uh because I do
cuz I'm the real the man Ponders his
cooking utensils and gives you a little
nod acknowledging your
presence The Mention Of Manana gets his
attention he smiles and delivers a whole
slew of unfamiliar words and Lively
gestures why do I have one fash he falls
silent again cuz I did the Elon Musk
movement I think on accident
the man says a couple of sentences in
that strange language of his and then
seems to wait for you to speak I'm
pretty sure he asked you a question he
doesn't know your language you can just
say something cool in
return Mercury
Rising B need more
vka huh okay so it's vodka that keeps
the men happy and in good spirits clever
move by the union of course vodka now
that makes a very very special B indeed
turn it up and then ask for some
yourself
I feel like people would be able
to taste
that turning it up seems like a
dangerous idea honestly
the place is a powder King polish jump
scare oh that is
Polish question mark I think we already
mentioned this
before yes nod and turn your fingers
clockwise turn the Vodka
up the cook gives you a long
disappointed look then turns the stove
off and seems to wait for you to speak
he smiles it's almost like
music wait is that a bad thing I just
de did I just [__] things
up maybe it's fine
oh yeah
upstairs how do I get
upstairs you just made them
sober wait are you the famous
dishy that I've been hearing so much
about
are you the one you're you're the one
who said now announcing Moonlight
glow H audience
cheering hell yeah
I've been quoting it like all week the
door is
closed the first time I heard it got
stuck in my head and I just I just kept
quoting
it I'm so glad I have selective memory
retention now how do I get upstairs
now announcing Moonlight
glow just teleport
out what am I doing
how do I get up
there this is so
trifling you're a pegasus just use your
wings ah
[__] Drake laptop GIF situation
can I eat the
body we don't need it
anymore [__] does Kuno care
all right I I I need to know Kuno
doesn't I
know [__] does Kuno care it's not Kuno
it's Kuno s oh I
succeeded Kuno is by far the worst of
the two Kuno has no problem being near
you but the other hides behind the fence
afraid for her life like she's done
something something very bad she came up
with that Psychopathic scheme of
screaming for help before Kuno just
wanted to talk to you about his name
Kuno s was the one who wound him up and
directed him also Kuno hasn't stopped
talking to you even enjoys it from time
to time when you talk to the other one
it's like talking to a cornered animal
she only
hisses so glad you're like monarch of
monsters now it's time to listen to I'm
Creek flow would you like a taste would
you like a taste of Creek
flow let's have a taste of Creek flow
everyone sink your teeth in
I'm
I'm I'm C
I I'm
[Music]
p
so I hope you liked
it all in all Kuno respects Madness you
cannot hope to outdo her on that front
you must win yourself a few minutes with
him
alone [__] you Whispering
about he's Whispering too he's going
with it but Watch What Happens [__] you
Whispering about she puts extra stress
onto that word expecting it will make
you uncomfortable if kuna wants to
whisper he's going to [__] whisper
okay let's whisper Pig this is it you've
got him but be careful you can still
[__] this up don't make Kuno look bad in
this it's okay the pigs trying to P us
against each other not going to let him
do that that's it you let him off the
line that was a bad manipulative thing
to say you should understand I got you
this far DN it I couldn't get you all
the way try to [__] my Kuno try to [__]
my Kuno away me and Kuno are tight a
chill comes over you the wind from the
Boulevard South
lashing you for trying to separate them
for trying to take the street out of
Kuno what's going on is an ungovernable
like you don't have enough on your plate
you feel a sudden surge of self-pity
coming
on hold on I'm going to play this game
as
intended twink get out the way
Christ twink your
twinkin out the
way [__] does Kuno
care it's not Kuno it's Kuno Kuno is she
came also all in all [__] you Whispering
about he's Whispering too he's going
with it but watch what happened [__] you
she puts extra if Kuno wants to whisper
he's going to [__] whisper okay
let's whisper Pig this is it you've got
him but be careful you can still [__]
this up crazy you don't know the half of
it she's not crazy she's insane
dangerous she smoked a man she's done
people in probably even pigs stop
talking to him Kuno I'm [__] warning
you you're going to get us into [__] she
understands what you're trying to do yo
see did Kuno not tell you Kuno told je
Kuno talks to whoever he wants talk Pig
kun's got it under control you did it
they're separated he's even turned his
back to her so she can't read his
lips fck knows she says it's the song of
a people or some [__] crazy people the
[__] NIS I don't know it's suru the
suru are an indigenous ethnic minority
in the Social Democratic Powerhouse Vasa
on the tundra and tiger covered Isola of
Cutler far far away from here as far as
possible
really is like that man from sh [__] she
could be she could be that sh [__] R
does have a small surar community or she
climbed into a yak Berry crate and was
shipped over accidentally yakry Is that
real I'm this [__]
up I got to
know okay that's not a real
thing
damn wait kuna likes reading I was just
thinking
that but it's like it's like is it
reading cuz it's like the Marvel
Cinematic Universe of disco elesium type
[__] Yak Berry so such a good word I
might steal
that yeah she's psycho none of that
kitty psycho C in and [__] she does the
real deal SN radio [__] believe me pig
you don't want to know and he doesn't
even want to think about it this isn't
just another post [__] no she's not my
sister she's just a stray who got in
like a mad dog or some [__] yeah she was
just
there what was that
Kuno she was in the hallway dripping wet
by the [__] shoe rack in the dark
Kuno got no [__] idea her hair was
all wet I think she pissed on the floor
too she was there for three days in the
corner every time kuna went out I don't
know someone left the door open Kuno
comes home and she's sleeping under the
desk under a pile of clothes like a dog
kun's dad doesn't give a [__] doesn't
even see her there or thinks it's
[__] Kuno shit's all on
Kuno yeah she would have liked to [__]
him up but she didn't Kuno wasn't around
and C was with Kuno look Kuno is going
to put you at ease we didn't do it he
speaks the truth My Le
Beach my My Le the bacon bits My Le the
bacon bits My Le the bacon bits Kuno
means she killed someone that's right
CES a killer like actually a killer Shad
it's
fine my leash the bacon bits his little
green eyes are fixed on yours not not
the [__] bacon beds he's meant
everything he said before but right now
he not only means it he is sincere
believe me shadowy the bacon bits are
coming front-facing
shellite just quitting
are you getting this you think I'm
[__] telling you a joke here how hard
do you think it is to kill a fat ass
sweet talk him then knife him she's
probably killed a pig too I mean I'm
pretty sure she
has forget Kuno said that Kuno was just
[__] Kuno was just running his mouth
Kuno stupid like
that a cop would be too large for her to
overpower but a determined child of her
size can still kill the vulnerable the
elderly the homeless or other other
children the creature appears at you
both from over the fence there is
something searching in her eyes Kuno
Falls silent
he doesn't look at you when he replies
Kuno there that's it that's what Kuno is
starting to think yeah he usually looks
you straight in the eye a little
something just crumbled there how's Kuno
dealing Kuno dealing just fine he
doesn't need you [__] with any of it
C doesn't either Coo's got this [__]
under
control listen listen see is co K's go
to kun's protecting her you [__] with
she you [__] with Kuno you threaten her
you threaten to take it away this is
what it all comes down to he needs you
to take him seriously now I I'm going to
kill you I'll run when you put the Cs on
I sneak up on you later and [__] you up
you
understand all right now we can do
business yeah what do you want Kuno can
hook you up with I don't look him up
with [__] Kuno see relax he respects the
Kuno Kuno made him respect the Kuno you
respect the Kuno you get all kinds of
[__] Kuno is going to get you hooked on
illegal narcotics if you run a little
edin for the Kuno get you hooked Pig get
us hooking you then Kuno going to get
you hooking for more cash in big style
cooker that's right Kuno is a candy
store for pigs now get ready to be
rewarded
yeah did you [__] in
there it's a vitamin Pig don't you know
anything you could use
them yeah it's the M you [__] need
that [__] to stay on top of your game
Kuno goes through like a tube a day rips
mag like a [__] and you could
use a battle oh don't teach him Kuno
he's going to use it against you
Kuno you're not getting this pig it
completely takes away The Hangover it's
like you didn't do anything like you
stay down playing with your choo
choo [__] you pig don't do mag you're
going to O and you're going to [__]
die isn't that what she wants
though oh that Kuno decapitates pigs
that's just a Kuno demo tape Kuno when's
the mixtap
dropping oh wait that's a sentence yeah
Kuno plays on snow radio [__] pigs live
[__] the heads off Kuno are copular
that's where Kuno gets his daily hit of
electric Kuno Shazam Kuno rides the
[__] lightning in there Pig bet you'd
like to Ride the Lightning too wouldn't
you you feel tired and old but you could
have that sparkle in your eyes good call
Pig Meister don't come and talk to Kuno
about his
kingdom Kuno doesn't [__]
care hear that magnesium that's what
you're lacking the lack of magnesium has
you
slouched yes and it's critical look at
yourself you're practically devolving
into a fish due to the lack of magnesium
in your
bloodstream I need to mag it up so I
need to mag it
sideways Kudo mixtap trumps December
23rd kudo's going to be there no matter
what Gorgonzola no matter
what maggot sideways what are you
talking about you need to maggot wait
long season reference you've probably
had two heart attacks and a minor stroke
already and the only only prescription
is insane amounts of
magnesium
Fisherman's yes if you want to live you
need to evolve you need to transcend the
carbon barrier go to the Apothecary and
buy insane amounts of magnesium it we
reverse the damage to your circulatory
system well that was
[Music]
enlightening what's good hi Ace
detective are you here for more books hi
[Music]
a good
one yes
hello hello me no one I'm just a working
glass woman she doesn't really want to
be disturbed that much is she such a
workingclass woman why isn't she
working not all the time right now I'm
browsing books even a workingclass woman
needs something to read
good it
is I know you are everyone can see that
the
rectangles Kim keeps getting mad at me
it makes me
sad
mhm what with what with a lot of things
for example people tend to go
missing her hands move over the book
covers the tips of her fingers look
rough stained with yellow it seems like
she has spent a lot of time at work
smoking another comrade years of Labor
are pressing down on her shoulders she
deserves a hug for all the work she's
done for mankind good why would I do
that why were you just rug hugging
people on the
street sure why not you step in and
close close your arms around this
foreign body wandering astray in touch
there's a small movement beneath your
hands as you shut your eyes then a tiny
voice breaks out and what is happening
she seems to be confused your hands are
wrapped around her polyester coat the
fabric feels cold moist from the sea
nearby the situation is oddly intimate
your is pressed against her shoulder her
hand is trapped between your chest 5
Seconds pass and their passing seems so
unimaginably long then she coughs and
says again uh what are you doing officer
Less Talk More feeling keep your eyes
closed soak in the
closeness see what the feeling
entails the feeling continues
warm and comfy on the cold
Shoreline you hear a question rising to
the surface trying to break the
sensation so tell me how does it feel to
be close to someone skin to
skin I wonder how long it has been since
you last hugged
someone officer what are you doing
fighting for it
how a hug keeps the again a day away May
oh B I guess it's better than nothing
keep fighting on my fellow comrade is
there anything else I can help you
with
me maybe your husband is
missing my husband
no he's
not it's where could he be I don't know
at home now out drinking with his
friends working where is this going
officer she gives you a short nod and
shifts her attention back to
Books Okay what is
happening I don't mean to disrespect sir
but you are being a bit of a [__] to
here for what it's worth I agree but
katus can't be up when they get like
this it's better to indulge him at this
point I don't even have a coatu and
guess what it's a trap never ever say
what
great wonderful the woman before you
nods and returns to her reading that
that that that was strange that was
strange of our of our our good friend
the balloon champion of the universe to
do what is
that
okay no I didn't the [__] balloon
Champion did it
he's supposed to be Elon Musk right
that's all he
does whoa what have we here a bridge a
bridge with loose nails and rot infested
wood that creeks in the wind a
construction code violation if there
ever was
one hold up Elon Musk is a CEO right
true they never cleaned up the war
damage the rest of sure looks better
though Luigi's a bit preoccupied it's
time we call in
Mario hello
Mario and ahe of Doge well you know what
they say take the dog out to the back
double uh double old shotgun and uh let
let that uh let that Old Yeller yell one
last time you know what I
mean the bridge is fine enough locals
use it all the time after all it's
nothing to worry about shall
we I didn't go down this way last time I
was supposed to be going over here
here I don't want it
yet just an ordinary War nothing to see
here no one says
that I says
that Mario gets Elon what are we I
wasn't suggesting
that why on Earth would I suggest
that hey up here
pigo
P I'm
busy
oh why wouldn't they suggest that
true maybe I do suggest that
the belly of the
boow [__] are
you by
B bye
damn I didn't get to play the sound
wait there I
fix a striking woman leans against the
cabin top of her Sailing Boat smiling as
you approach her green raincoat glistens
with droplets a silk scarf is tied
around her throat good afternoon
officers
I'm Joyce Joyce El messia I represent
the board of wild Pines the owners of
the harbor you gentleman must be from
the
RCM Bon my maiden
name I'm glad to see you here like steel
there is strength there if she wanted
she could sink her nails deep into your
skin okay I was dispatched to handle a
strike not a lynching anything I can do
to assist the RCM in this matter I will
gladly that is good to hear Madame my
colleague will take the lead on this
interview I should let you know that he
is recovering from an unusual medical
episode very
unusual but I can assure you of his
ultimate competency it happens quicker
than a shoo in Star but did the
lieutenant just wink that she how
interesting I wish you a swift recovery
in the meanwhile you have my full
cooperation and the full cooperation of
the wild Pines
group you're on a boat why yes I
am does she have a name the boat no it
is called cord delate 19 because that's
the type of Sloop it
is it's a pleasure craft a 19 Pacer
it also happens to be rated for category
One
racing though these days I main use it
for business my Sloop I like it a lot
it's the eels hips baby oh don't ever
say that again I'm enjoying this part of
the interview it has so little to do
with the murder we're
investigating of course there are we're
on an archipelago how else are you
supposed to get around
I mean we are on laou are we not
technically the neighboring ozon and
fast alamir Island groups are
archipelagos while laou by contrast is a
single fertile land mass the fourth
largest island in the world it is not an
archipelago okay if you want to get
technical the point is we're all on
Islands here and sail is still the most
expedient way to get from one Island to
another especially when you're in a
hurry to resolve a strike have you tried
walking on water
Jus I haven't seen anyone else drive as
souped up cpri can aim a motor Carriage
either oh damn actually that motor
Carriage has been specially issued to
Ser as the patrol and pursued vehicle
it's for crossing long distances in a
greater rol industrial Harbor
it's not a to neither is this a toy I
mean it's a machine for crossing long
distances in the Bay of Revel between
the city and the island she's like I'm
willing to cooperate and then just
immediately he's getting like passive
aggressive you need to make this lady
admit she's only riding around on this
boat because she's
Rich yes I do you have the guns and the
ammo take this clom fiend down
oh my the ew you mean to say that it's a
symbol of conspicuous consumption that
I'm a member of the ruling
class yes detective may I remind you
that Mrs missier is a professional
negotiator then what does that
say does it say docking reserved for
residents of Ru deanis Lane 33a 33a this
old proletarian haunt here as I said
plenty of people drive boats of all
social
strata there there there he is no no
that is a two digit number followed by a
letter your synapsis flesh
okay it is anti-
Centennial I assure you they drove quite
a hard bargain for this space but you're
right I am a Bourgeois woman and this is
my fast lightweight interminably boura
boat this is my bra boat and I am a bra
woman a always keeps
rways officer I assure you I'm a highly
qualified pleasurecraft operator the
crowns of her teeth are porcelin white
as the boats H as she smiles qualified
pleasurecraft operator so Charming
where's the damn license that's my
threat isn't it I just renewed its
safety inspection last month officers it
is completely seaworthy in fact it's
taken part in not one but two iny indic
regatas even finished once actually you
don't the way farer act specifically
denies the RCM the authority to demand
anyone's operator license it's a little
known fact among those low officials the
Wayfare Act is one of the few pieces of
legislation governing human interaction
in the riversol zone of control along
with the emergency trade and elment acts
yeah it's like wayf far like that's just
uh it was just
lore it's one of the foundational laws
in Riverson designed to limit the
authority of local
institutions part of it prohibits the
RCM from requesting most documents and
licenses without permission from a
coalition representative it's a law that
keeps reveral what it is in limbo
I was just being polite even school
children know the way faroh
act no need to politicize this you may
still ask for the lady's passport of
course the woman is silent smiling while
the waves lap against the hull in your
hand under the plastic a light blue
passport saying Republic of Vesper the
coat of arms has a lion and an ostrich
sent the Republic of vesa formerly the
Republic of vesa msen was once a dual
Kingdom an amicable parting of ways
produced two constitutional
monarchies is an oal Nation proximity to
the p
ex
days okay 21 what the dog doing
Adam it is a stable country and yet
there has always been something ominous
about its perfect stability it's a place
at the edge of the mndi Isola
overlooking the Obi Sun Isles fracturing
into the great unrest of the p
m
m the woman born in the year three in
the commune of revera holy [__] Smiles
at you face Adorn frown lines and crows
feet the photo is inent the name Rejoice
Laton
Messier yes but please don't call me
that Joy is much more
efficient my husband is I have jeel
citizenship a vestine is handier when
traveling they split up at half a me
that's L
accurate she nods and Returns the
plastic bag to her coat
good she takes a sip of her thermal
cup
okay what we do I'm afraid I don't speak
for wild Pines as a whole it it's a
giant undertaking
you have Monarch the last monsters John
Huntress John Huntress keeps the B away
from
the and someone named Dylan just came
from heaven and said I'm going to give
you the sword of God the sword of God
also known as being the
so s s moon
right there was a touch of this Comfort
there she wants to merely
represent the Pines core competency is
logistics container shipping Freight
that sort of thing see those airships
there blinking those are the shipping
side of things and that is the terminal
another subdivision deals with energy
oil and gas exploration Offshore
platforms tell me more about the B the
wild Pines group is one of the original
rolian Indo tribes companies awarded
Royal monopolies by the king the suarin
himself centuries ago the king is long
gone but several of the Indo tribes
remain Joyce Bui have you met
Kord thank
you tell me more about the bo
the spring the spring on my shoes tell
me more about them tell me more I can
fly so high and jump so low I'm inside
your home's
Depot and there is a cat in my house
named burger
cheese thank you very good
s batist l an unknown entity known as
brightest star the the bush
Weir why thank
you I'm not at Liberty to discuss the
company balance sheet but I can tell you
that last year the company booked more
than 20 billion real in Revenue
Alcatraz thank you so much uh Island
prison from San Francisco I appreciate
it very
much that's it I thought World p is
supposed to be Pig time and to think
there are years when the group books
losses in the
billions W Pines employ 72,000 people
all of whom have families that depend on
their salaries it is a tremendous
responsibility they started as an
exploration and cargo Fleet conducting
trade between the Samaran and
insulindian eers 250 years ago when Pine
ships explored the South
semed lman Tang on behalf of the
suar funny enough a lot of the samples
that I use from my childhood throughout
like things like cutie marks
and uh Paradise Valley are from a field
trip we took to Alcatraz so that's
lore centuries of care deliberation and
Madness have gone into this endeavor
vessels pass through the great unrest to
reemerge with apricots in tow the logic
of the system is totalizing it's taken
everything from its employees to build
it um Ballad of Bart I'll get back to it
I've been working nonstop stop on they
no matter what
stuff and
uh convening with the the pford
Squadron
um so I after
finishing uh the no matter what stuff I
was
like I need to break from music just for
a little bit even just a little
bit this was a hard one to do this year
not for any other reason other than
motivation
difficult I did not get to met her chat
with wooden
taster I am John alcatra collector of
prisoners well you're doing a very piss
poor job of it because there's no
prisoners there now unless you count me
for about 2 hours on a tour
still a fan of your work Alcatraz no
disrespect shout out to the pford
Squadron um this no matter what this
year is going to be the most Christmas
oriented one we've ever done it's going
to have like the most people involved
with
it um For Better or For
Worse um I think I think I think track 2
is going to confuse most
people but that's a good thing
I've lost track of this conversation I
should have been paying attention I'm
woring about the history of this
logistics
company there's track two coming so no
matter what 2024 is going to have four
songs or three songs plus the 50c how
the vid St still heartwarming
thing if you count that as a song
part of me thinks that uh Jingle Bells
as performed by the pilford Squadron
seasonal Coral group is going to be a a
Christmas tradition in the
making and if you like making fun of
dead people you're really going to love
this one if you like making fun of
people who have died you're really
really going to love this this is no
matter what celebration this
year
um this year is all about making fun of
the dead we're going to we all going to
love it um for those of you who don't
know there's only like 37 people in here
so it's like I feel like most of the
people in here will probably be like
relatively knowledgeable about my work
but if you're if you're new here um no
matter what is the first official song
in The Violet catalog there were some
other things that were released before
but they got removed so that didn't
really count no matter what marks like
the start of the Violet Pony project as
a concept I think
officially um it's the first song I made
you can find it by sorting by oldest on
YouTube or going to the no matter what
playlist and
basically the tradition has been to
remake it every single year and I
haven't missed a single year
um and that started in 2012 so I've
remade the song every single year since
2012 um the first few times was just to
like build on the original idea and I
started playing around with like
experimenting with how the song could be
restructured and redone all the way to
the point now where it's like gotten to
be a contest to see how far I can take
the idea while keeping it still true to
the original in some way
I thought it being at the end of the
year was the intention um no actually it
really is just because it released on
December 23rd every year on the first
time I
mean can't weit have 80 versions of the
song I'm not going to live that long but
uh I'm I'm glad you think I
will um and I really I really like it
because
um it it it feels like a really good way
of evaluating
where the project has come where I've
come as an
artist
uh and not only that but usually the
song reflects
like no matter what has come to reflect
sort of the tone of the Year for me each
year and what's funny
is uh no matter what 2023 last year was
meant to be like the worst like the most
upsetting and like pissed off sounding
version of the song
cuz 2023 is like the start of a really
just [__] time for me and I would say
2024 has like been like the worst year
of my entire
life um but what's crazy about that is
um I feel like I've come out on top
really really
hardcore and found a way to
turn mentally everything around for
myself into
interally and so despite 2024 being like
the worst year of my entire life I think
this is going to be the happiest
sounding no matter what because it's
like it feels like a Triumph like I
survived and I'm here and things are
actually like I I I can figure this [__]
out so uh instead of wallowing in the
garbage it's
like uh just just perseverance and uh
I'm happy about it the end 202 4 as an
end the end of 2024 has been actually
rather
Pleasant has been very good
actually and this is coming at the end
of a really really long period of just
[__] internal
strife uh so 2024 ending in a really
weirdly Pleasant way which is funny
cuz it didn't come about that way in a
pleasant way but it really just like I
don't know it's hard to
explain it's is very hard to explain
there's so much context on the flip side
there's also a part of me that's so like
in in turmoil still and I feel weird
about feeling okay as I I tend to feel I
mean that's like the Monarch thing but
it's not even just
about internally feeling that weirdness
it's just
like I I've I've noticed a very very big
drop in people talking about like the
Palestinian
genocide um online like a lot of people
had have just stopped talking about it
as much and the way that translates to
me is really really really really
I it it's really
painful to think
about like everyone wanted to discuss
it it it it's I I don't want to say the
word trend but everyone wanted to talk
about it when it was had heightened
coverage in the news and now so many
people are are not are not considering
it whatsoever and yeah people did say it
was going to happen people did say
people were going to stop talking about
it as much but just like seeing it
happen in real time and just like being
like it's definitely not a trend and the
thing is I've been in Catholic school
since I was a child and very early on I
I learned about this
stuff um and high school we had a lot of
like uh cuz I went to a Catholic High
School but most of us were all secular
me and my friends in in this Catholic
High School we're all secular and we
often would come together to
discuss like a lot of the [__] they
would feed us in high school and try and
like dismantle
it and try and and figure out what's
actually going
on um
and so because of my early exposure to
that um this has always been something
very
prevalent um and when October 7th
happened I found myself having to
explain to a few people what was even
happening because a lot of people didn't
have a stance on it which is interesting
because it doesn't feel like a very
complicated issue to have a stance on I
think um if if you're at liberty to have
the freedom to to to to say things one
of the biggest problems that people find
they're not able to have these
conversations are people who are still
tied to like the Israeli government in
some way and if they speak their actual
intentions they can't they they
risk I mean Exile from their own like
families and stuff at the very least and
maybe much worse things beyond
that but I think if you're a person with
privilege
at
all I I don't feel like it's a
complicated I don't think there should
be any Nuance to someone who can fre
speak freely on this
stuff um yeah the way this stuff has to
be packaged for social media is so so
interesting it it stretches hundreds of
thousands of years back I don't know
hundreds of thousands is the
correct amount of uh years but it's
definitely thousands of years into the
past
um
and I'm not going to be the professor on
this because uh I will not do a good job
of keeping all the facts in order as
they should be what I can speak on is
definitely informed thoughts based on
things that have been researched and
understood um but the bottom line is it
kind of doesn't matter any nothing
really matters Beyond being against
genocide which it is you don't have to
look you can't look at it and and call
it anything
else it doesn't really matter who
started what we're just watching
genocide
happen and personally
uh I feel that most of uh
any aggression from Palestinian forces
is not really aggression but
self-defense
considering they've been
cornered by these governments who have
push them out of their homes it's like a
really convoluted Manifest
Destiny that you can sort of watch
unfold in real time
so that is to say whenever I I I even
think of saying I've been feeling okay I
start to like think about this
dystopian [__] that's going on that I
even have the privilege to say I feel
okay if that makes sense it's like do I
deserve that when all of this shit's
happening and I know it's like shit's
shit's always bad somewhere
right but that's not the point it's the
fact that right now a lot of this is so
preventable without very with with very
little intervention it's theoretically
so [__]
preventable but it's just happening for
like the most benign reasons in the
universe so it feels different between
something that has a very very long-
winded solution versus someone could
just say stop fighting and they stop
fighting
so what I hesitate to say I feel okay
that that's the addendum I have the
really big ass
addendum that that was a very long
long-winded monologue I
apologize anyway
it's
like talking about no matter what leads
to the the Israeli Palestinian conflict
question mark is a is is a whole thing
someone said Gods feed it's like yeah
that's the gods feed You black Emperor
album was also uh about the Palestinian
genocide as
well and I oh my God I I listened I
listened to to I finally it was it took
me a while because I knew that album was
going to hurt me deeply it
did so
like it was crazy cuz I I
um got like I got I ordered the album on
band cam I have it on
vinyl the no title um but I remember I
was
showing my friend who was just moving to
Portland I was showing her uh we went to
the a record store and I was like
showing her around and stuff and I saw
the I saw just the it was it was in the
front
rack the the god spey black Emperor no
title and I still hadn't listened to it
yet and I felt myself like about to like
break down in the store and I had to
like keep it together cuz it's not just
me it's like I was with someone can't do
that I I to be I had to be chill for
them
um oh
yeah it's a lot it's a lot of [__]
there's a lot of
[__] one of the hardest
things um is it's hard to even know
where to put your money it's hard to
know where to donate because
everything's so like um so disjointed
and there's a lot of people who are
trying to take advantage of these
people's
situations and try and get money from
from people who just want to
donate uh this happens all the time with
anything like this but because this is
such a big big big
thing yeah it's
hard
um that's even heart it's hard to know
what's even going to be
helpful cuz the actual solution don't
this is
just governments stop choosing things
for their
people which album was it it was a it
was the it was the new one was the gods
Speedy black Emperor oh wait maybe
you're not talking about me oh yeah
maybe got the godspeed You black
Emperor oh no no no so the band is
called godspeed You black Emperor and
the album is titled No tit no title as
of
date let me get it as of October
something not October as of February
hold on I'll get it for
you so the album is called no title as
of 13 February 2024
28,34
de it's really good it's a really good
album and that was just in February so
it's
great
okay um something about Huntress someone
said something about Huntress
uh yeah
the uh the huntress
interpolates uh Locust room because
uh ties into
the sort of Multiverse thing in the
Locust room was an indicator that that
existed a while
ago and
and
um with Ember the implication is
that Arya is like relatively omniscient
not perfectly but
relatively and knows about uh AR light
and after Kai Kai and
Stella
so um Arya might might be
repeating what they heard Stella and
orai said to each
other kind of
thing cuz Arya observes the universes
with their
Shadows it's important to note that Arya
and the Shadows do not have perfect
omniscience they are limited by their
attention
spans but they can see into other
universes and observe them and they
document as much as they can
yeah what's what's crazy is because
fairy tales is a is a
pre is is a pre cutie marks record a lot
of people I I just assume no one's heard
that I basically just assume everyone
who like who like interacts with me at
this point has never heard anything
before cutie marks I just assume
that um so I didn't know if everyone was
going to get that reference
um I'm glad for people to do that
though I would keeping Joyce messy the
Joyce the messiest
uh quite a bit quite a bit uh in the
waiting Zone you know I'm a big fan of
her work as the football player Messi
was a very
good the concept for the Shadows is like
honestly just to give me the ability to
to make any [__] stupid thing that I
wanted to and give it a reason to exist
in the
lore is there anything on how the locus
would look for a normal person yeah
there are some indicators in the Nolla
but what we can tell you is like the
Locust looks very much like Norway
forever that's the best way I can
explain it uh the locus looks like the
cold fed parts of Norway
lots of forests lots of snow lots of
mountains if that makes
sense um there is no lore reason for
that necessarily I just think it's
cool maybe there will be a reason it
looks like that in the future maybe I'll
figure out a reason cuz but right now
there's no reason it's just because it's
cool and because it's nice and because
it feels like Prime place to be hunting
Souls right
dashing through the the forests of snow
toop stuff in between the mountains and
hunting Spectral Souls I don't know it
sounds fun sounds
cool
um so you can just think you can
basically assume a lot of the locus
looks like Norway in its more natural
setting
there is like the fact that there's like
a general purple purpley color scheme to
things so think like Eternal
Twilight sort of
situation just always in this in between
State interestingly enough I imagined
where Arya was born to
be kind of
different I imagined Arya of being born
in a world that felt very spring-like it
felt very
like really really trying to think
here I've I've imagined Arya where they
came from from their original World the
origin World sort of feeling like a sort
of
uh a sort of Springtime Ireland if that
makes
sense sort of a sort of a springtime
British Isles but but primarily
Ireland again no reason for that imagine
bright greens
yellows you want to listen to Winter's
end I'm both sorry for you that you
listen to Winter's end and also still
proud that you listen to Winter's end
man it was such a big deal when that
album came out and now it's
like such an Antiquated piece of [__]
but it's my my my anrad piece of [__] my
most
beloved what a terrible album but also I
love it I I would I would I would give
it a home and I'm proud that it's
here well I I would love to visit Norway
I would love to live
there cuz I hate summer
imag where Arya lived it's just like
bright happy peaceful looking place with
nice grass that's not dead I mean
yeah and a shout out Peanut Rosemary
hope you have a good get
ready um I do hate summer summer is the
worst time of year the best the
objective best best the objective of
best season is spring followed by winter
summer and uh Summer sucks fall is just
okay fall colors are great fall weather
is
bad cuz fall can be both extremely cold
and extremely hot specifically here
whereas winter you get just a steady
slow of like the same stuff and spring
everything is just beautiful
every Every Spring I wish to frolic and
sometimes I
do sometimes when I walk outside I do I
do skip I do have a little dance you
know I sing to myself people just have
to deal with it that's I just I just I
just feel like
that F and F what AK
you I probably
would
yeah I'm from I'm originally from San
Francisco which is which is why the
Alcatraz thing was so funny to me but I
live in Portland now in San Francisco we
really only had mild weather and not
mild
weather the trees stayed the same and
nothing was very different all year
round now I live in the Pacific
Northwest where we have distinct all
four seasons with weather to boot and
climate change amplifying everything
that's
happening
so somehow the summer is worse here in
the Pacific Northwest than it was in San
Francisco the one thing I will give
Portland though is that because it has
all four seasons it never stops looking
interesting such a such a beautiful
city ever changing and very
loud very very loud for being such a
small
City like I I was in San Francisco most
of my
life sequel to the Monarch lore it kind
of depends Wolf's Wolf's story is
done like you you you don't need to
learn too much more about wolf maybe
just seeing the Dynamics with Arya is
interesting um like some Slice of Life
thing Arya will be continue to be an
important character for the rest of like
the viop pony lore
but mainly
passively I think this is obvious
because it says so in the noela but um
feather dance is causing problems for
Arya uh kind of a Ruckus so that that
will be important in the
future I
think the other thing is uh
the other thing is that oh no wolf wolf
wolf did not wolf did not
die I mean wolf died but is living
forever in the Locust now so she's
Immortal the the ending of Monarch is
slightly paradoxical on
purpose the intention I had for people
reading the is when they get to the
Final Chapter them to just for the
reader to just be like why the [__] did
that just
happen wait why did that happen what
does that
mean that's kind of the intended effect
I want I want people to be like that
made no sense that's what I'm hoping
for um it has a purpose for me but for
the the reader I want them to be like
why did that just happen that was weird
that makes no sense they why are they
behaving so weirdly
um what is it now
uh there's also the fact that
um vid's top five videos vid's house is
sort of just like an enclave of the
Locust at this point cuz all these
Shadows keep convening there because
tiberious is an agent of Arya and has to
babysit um vid and dub because of their
power
arya's already got their their hair
Tangled Up in this [__] feather danc
business so it's like oh at least make
sure the Alicorns don't cause problems
too please tiberious please make sure
they don't cause
problems
um but that is to say that [__]
pilford is just hanging out at vid's
house l Parts just hang out of vid's
house they're both Shadows tiberias is
not a shadow but a demigod but hangs out
a vid's house out of orders from
Arya
um the Shadows don't tend to linger in
other worlds for too long just as much
as they need to get information and to
do research and to study but because vid
is already in contact with Arya through
tiberious it's ort of like a an
exclusion
Zone her house
specifically which is something exciting
for me because it means I get to develop
a story that revolves around this
chaos um I do a comic series that I post
on Tumblr on Twitter but you can go to
the The Violet Pony wiki violet. wiki
shout out Wiki editors pford
Squadron um the entire thing is posted
there too but there's there's a comic
series I
do where a lot of that gets uh where a
lot of these things just get talked
about I can show it hold
on TBO still Al it's thriving actually
it's doing uh it's it's it's quite quite
usable and quite
popular you can go to the violet.
wiki and if you want to read all the
comics in succession you can click on
the comic series and then the gallery
here and you can see the entire comic
I've been making it's just
periodical and there's there's some ARA
bits there is a oh
pford my little meow
meow it's fun to do good for me
apparently there's a new arc with
Kenneth I
guess that's
good so you can read the comic if you
wish Kenneth the fail girl
indeed
but
um yeah the Violet Pony wiki is an
efficient way to learn about Violet Pony
lore the realm that the comic initially
takes place in is not the locus that is
correct uh the locus is differentiated
with the sort of dark
colors the three locations in the comics
are the Locust which is the purple
one Lula Moon's World which is the
garden and feather dance World which is
everything else so
far the fun fact is I use a Morse code
translator currently oh Moonlight glow
it is
you I will give you the power are you
ready I almost put you on
timeout there you go you've been granted
the power etc etc etc wield it uh wisely
Etc and
Etc you have the
power Moonlight glow why are you
blue very
good oh
that's a lot of
Etc I'm only going to use it for evil
all right ban everyone go for it I don't
think you can do that maybe you can why
are you
blue anyway I was thinging was with the
morse code is I use a Morse code
translator but I
technically studied Morse code at the
same time I'm not confident enough in my
skills right now to to rely on it but
um I did learn Morse
code a lot of it's just left my brain
I'll probably do a refresher and U try
again um there is there's something very
fascinating about
it the fact that it's not immediately
intuitive and that it's like kind of a
task to commun communicate with it is
actually pretty
cool I don't think it's too
complicated Slice of Life DLC Story
songs for monra Monsters
uh not for a monarch but maybe with like
characters like I've been thinking about
cuz uh one of my greatest Joys sorry let
me just we will get back to disco
elesium shortly I promise but I enjoying
talking
uh let's
see I just made the pford ref
sheet where's the pord ref sheet okay
where's the pord ref
sheet
um so here's the pord ra
sheet and uh one of my greatest Joys
right now is the fact that um pilford
pford uh partner significant other is
just an ordinary portable DVD
player I'm like I need to make a love
song between pilford and
Sonia cuz I think that would be
great yeah there's spaghetti pford
stupid son is Sonia sentient no Sonia is
just an ordinary DVD player and it's
beautiful and it's not a
joke because instead it's actually just
awesome I don't know when along the line
I decided pford was objectum
but uh it
is and pford is so in love and it's
really great
so at some point I might make
uh upgrade down the line to Blu-ray
there's only one
Sonia what do you
mean she's perfect the way she
is
um we can upgrade her Parts no no no she
doesn't need that she's perfect the way
she
is um but at some point at love to make
like a a ship song for for pford and
Sonia and the thing that excites me
about pford the most especially as a
character is the fact that he can look
like literally
anything and still be like recognizable
because of the I stocks
design I love it so much uh and for the
uninitiated the way pford happened
was um cuz I got involved with
discussions with the Violet Pony wiki
editor team
and they
mentioned that in top five videos four I
think I made vid R pilford insert the
Pringles clip which was basically like
uh um like um my version of Dunkey like
Paulie put the thing on screen
except um vid wouldn't have an editor in
my in my mind vid wouldn't have an
editor like it's just it's just top five
videos you don't need someone else to do
it for you but so that's why it's funny
to be like pford put the clip here it's
like why are you asking that it's just a
silly video but then uh all the wiki
editors were disappointed when I told
them pford wasn't real and they they
they started
designing like their head cannons for
what pford would look like and like God
[__] damn it I'm gonna find a way to
make pford and I'm gonna find a way to
make pford cannon in the viop pony lore
so pford is a shadow an agent of
Arya and this is this is what pford
became pford was literally just like a
coffee table napkin drawing that I
turned into a real full ass
thing
um and the exciting thing about pford is
that it's literally like it it's it's
it's it's Schrodinger's gender it's
Schrodinger's species
it can be literally anything and you
only Discover it once you
observe um do I have the pford wheel
hold on let me get the pford
wheel where's the pill for gender
wheel wait can can uh can someone from
the wiki chat can you link the shinger
not shinger gender wheel can you send
can you send the the pford wheel the
pford gender
wheel how did pford have a child with a
portable DVD player pford is is
biologically
asexual it it reproduces by
budding [__] the first second I see
opening the the wiki chat is just 53 7
there he
is where's the pill does anyone who who
has the pford
wheel thank you thank you the wheel
so I don't remember who in the wiki chat
came up with
us well I I I I came up with it but I
didn't make it someone else made it so
we was like how do we refer to pford and
I'm like okay so what you have to do is
spin a wheel
of every pronoun in
existence and that's what you call
pilford for 24
hours and here's the pill for gender
wheel spin that
[__] oh
okay pfr is a EXE
exe today is that X or exe or
what per is exe
now yeah exe is so
cool so that's that's that's how you
refer to pilford is you just spin the
wheel and you have to use that pronoun
for 24 hours and then it
resets so yeah
anyway I I I I have come to pford for
whatever reason came into my life at
like a very pivotal brain forming thing
so now exe is like just a very very
important thing to me it's edged into my
brain as a part of my healing process in
life so now now pill's Cannon
ex see gets to be a gets to be a bird
sometimes sometimes uh whatever the [__]
that is hold I'll get the okay get
the here's my Tumblr advertisement
coming you should follow me on Tumblr
cuz that's where I post all the art that
I
do here we
go see urgin today yep yep
same prot used from different people
that's a really good
question is my no stuffy it always is
but probably more today cuz probably
more
today
um I I think the the exploration of
pford is a very personal one it's a very
individual one to really understand exe
you have to have your own
formative memories and consideration of
exe therefore I think the correct answer
is that everyone spins their own wheel
there isn't one person that spins the
wheel and then everyone uses that
pronoun it's each person each person
spins the wheel and that's how they
refer to
exe I think one of the lights in my lamp
went
out speaking of which I actually bought
Lampert but I don't know what light
bulbs go in
it I don't have no [__] clue how to
how
to I have no [__] clue how to find
the correct light bulbs for
lamper does anyone want to help me
wait wait does anyone want to help
me what the [__] what the [__] do I put
in this
thing can we even everything's falling
but that's
okay what the [__] do I even put in
this I have no idea where goes in
lamper because I have no idea how light
bulbs
work Silly
String I believe
you think you put swirly bulbs in that
why is it why is it giving me a thumbs
up why did why did that just
happen do it
again what the [__] do it
again
okay
thanks
peace whatever um
yeah I have no [__] clue what to put
in
that it's it seems that no one has an
answer
potentially I need to bring it to your
hardware store I don't want to [__]
do
that I don't want someone to be like why
do you have this it's like I don't know
[__] it's a joke it's funny
oh [__] my
Happ I knocked over a cup of knives I
have a cup of knives let's set
where did the cup go oh there it
is oh there it is okay cool how many
knives are in here one two three
four five knives in
here I have
more are they pocket knives
uh sort
of I can't even find the I I had
a like a switch knife that like switches
between being scissors and a knife which
is the one I use the most but I can't
find it right now I'm a little bit
frustrated cuz that one's the nicest to
hold some of these are rather
big um but I put them I put these in the
cup cuz I'm not using these ones
fine I
guess what I do have is
a I keep this at my desk just just the
Classic one a classic thing not a not a
big deal
just
standard thing was working on my bass
guitar last night and I was using this
for it which is fun
but this one I don't bring with me
usually I keep it at my desk I actually
have this one that I bring with
me it's so cool it's so small it's so
small but it's really sharp and it works
really
well and does this have this one okay
this one does like look at this [__]
this is crazy uh in a form factor this
small they still manage to give you
[__] scissors and these work it's
crazy I still haven't figured out what
this is for I think this is for like
something I think it's just
toothpick
anyway that's really funny cuz then I
have
like is it's like it's like this versus
versus like one of these which is
like quite different
so okay I keep the pink one on my
key I need a bigger
one why do I have that why do I have a
knife why do I have
knives knives knives are good
these are good
objects and I need
more why is your home armed with weapons
cuz I'm
queer there he is where where where is
he tell
me I'm looking at my screen right now
where is
he where's the fire version of that I
don't know can someone send the fire
version of
it I didn't save it
thank you thank you I did save it never
mind
wait I did save it but now I can put it
in
here no I saw the cocaine thing
again hold on media
Source
cocena create new let me go to the
[__]
file cool text does it
embed oh wa I didn't make it Loop it
just showed up for two
seconds there we
go cocen no flower somebody just asked
me of why I hate the
military I'm blade drain gang shout out
to all the drainers shout out to Eko he
pulled up a but that Rover drain my
life um but pford is just
like pf's uh Magic radiation researcher
magic radiation physicist so y has a
pretty serious job under ARA but also I
guess works part-time as as vids
video editor I
guess the coke was covering my was
covering I thought you said my exe it's
like oh exe is all
yours
anyway I think I think we're lured
out think it's time to return to video
game it was a good conversation though
we we've kept her waiting my
exe so yeah exe is like literally
magic radiation
physicist as a primary profession and
then just helps vid out with the top
five video series for some
reason she standing for like an hour in
her boat kept you rating huh all right
what what was the conversation we were
just talking about how how the logistics
group formed
and I was like being like you're rich
and such and
uh it probably helps to start out with a
royal Monopoly you know more than you
let
on certainly it helped but most of the
original Indo tribes have failed or been
absorbed to survive wild Pines had to
grow and adapt no suarin did that Joyce
the messiest watched you talk about
pford as Harrier duah from the last few
minutes few
minutes pilford is more important I
basically I'm going to do everything in
my power to make everyone look at
pford because like just in in the span
of like the comics and just the my own
drawings and like talking with everyone
about it exe has become like one of my
favorite
Creations you mean aside from being the
terminal's legal owners who are respons
responsible for moving 8% of the world's
cargo we built this District We There It
Is she owns up to it all the best parts
of it rud deanis Len with its bastions
the plazas meteor and Mosaic even some
of the old Street lamps have been put
back thanks to the investments from the
wp before martines was swallowed by the
industrial Harbor even before it was
part of Revol long before Terminal B was
erected here the Pines built it as a
resort for its rolian employees a
company getaway for a weekend or a
summer holiday then came the
revolution but that's another matter I'm
here to make sure the Pines can fulfill
their responsibilities to the place they
built is Kim going to get mad at me for
like being this
way also someone was ask me about terot
something can can you re askk that
question so I could just get to it I I
don't remember what was being said
sorry Joy Rejoice the
messiest I have a chat to attend
to surely you understand this is the way
of us this is the way of our people the
Chatters Rejoice the messiest I are you
familiar with
v I think you will love
SL I think she would really really love
it
the tower represents anot I I don't
exactly know what you're referring
to I just know tarot cards look cool I
don't really know much
else about the part where Violet burns
the garden you're right Rejoice the
messiest is going to love this
one what would this woman think of pford
she would be like a goly sight and then
I would kill
her Tower card usually represents a
really major usually that
event major event usually bad
event what would the tower represent in
Terror oh
okay probably the the
I
mean correct me if I'm wrong but I feel
like the sapphire torent Carousel would
be kind of a tower thing question
mark you should maybe ask Rejoice the
messenger what the tower
is Tower represents destruction and also
like
Freedom yeah that sounds like the
sapphire tor
so what's your British accent
like I don't
know two towers one for each plane for
me no way you would build two towers for
me in my
honor maybe even three towers third
Tower the
what about the third
Tower I am not British I am not British
stop saying this I was bored in San
Francisco I I'm from Daily City but same
thing I'm not British I'm worse I'm
Filipino that's what I should
say everything right up to but not
including Trade Secrets
first you'd have to repeal the
emergencies Act of trade and alements
that gives me the right to silence it's
quite the
octopus good luck is only kept in place
by the vested interests of half the
Civilized world including your
own did I just hear
Philippine do you like Jolly them
I hope you mean
jollybee actually wait I'm sorry this
this just reminded me I need to look up
the status of jollybee coming to
Portland Jolly Be
Portland 2025 opening in
Hillsboro holy
[__] early
2025 jelly be spaghetti is GED it really
is people who are not Filipino don't get
it like it tastes so sweet why does it
tastes so sweet that's the [__]
point and it's
delicious Okay cool so I haven't been to
Jollibee in in 5
years um because I moved out of
California and they're opening the first
Jollibee in Portland in early 2025 in
Hillsboro
so jol is good jolby is is is is good
but not everyone's going to get
it it's either an acquired taste or just
you have to you have to grow up with it
what the man means is that the
emergencies Act and the RCM both get
their Authority from the coalition
government you be shooting yourself in
the foot in other words but I am
derailing us you wanted to know about
the strike I believe the official title
is senior labor negotiator in practice
I'm a grocery clerk I relay the Union's
demands to Wild Pines and return with
wild pin's counter offer and how are the
talks going they're not that's the
problem the union stopped all
negotiations a week ago after that awful
lynching took place wait she just
admitted that the lynching and the
strike are connected now they won't even
let me into the harbor there's a 2 M20
racist Behemoth blocking the
gates yes I believe there is a
connection but that's a subject for
later yes Jean Luke measurehead
let's say I was not making the kind of
progress I'd hoped for when I first
arrived and when did you first arrive I
arrived 3 weeks ago yes in the middle of
February the bay was still partially
frozen then I prefer to do these things
on site like the RCM but the strike
began in December I wasn't the original
negotiator here I took over after Mr
gont hit a wall with Mr CLA the union
boss Mr CLA refused to speak with gont
despite concessions he granted the Union
in Prior
negotiations negot
negotiations this isn't the first time
the union has gone on strike Heavens
know there have been two prior strikes
both times the union won significant
concessions including overtime pay and a
medical plan this time their demands are
more I guess you could say
aggressive ludicrous even it's meant
Mr CLA told him to how did he put it put
it [__] off [__] go Mon's short of
statue you see
oh do you love black licorice do I you
do I like black licorice
no but you're entitled to like
it it is a perfectly reasonable thing to
like
yes keep in mind this is a negotiator Mr
CLA has worked with before and who was
more than fair with him and the
union to like red licorice a little bit
more but I wouldn't choose to eat it if
that makes
sense I don't really like sweet things
very much unless it's soda
I don't really like to have too much
candy I also dislike chocolate
usually there are some things I will
make an exception
for I prefer salty because I am salty I
prefer spicy because I am spicy I prefer
sour because I am sour
there are leaflets everywhere and
Banners what did they say again oh yes
every worker a member of the board most
of the workers probably don't know what
that
means fortunately they explained it
every time the wild Pines group makes a
decision about anything it needs the
signature of each of the two 2,200
workers in its Martin's terminal just so
you understand this is but one of 22
terminals owned by wild Pines
essentially not only are they Kings of
the company they are also Kings of the
72,000 employees of wild pinees group I
have had a Turkish delay before someone
from Turkey actually gave me
it I remember it being sort of NE
natural in flavor and
chewy uh I remember it fondly but I
can't tell you anything about the taste
very
much it would have been like 13 years
ago I'm not sure Naturally I assume that
was just their open position a
hard-nosed tactic with the side of
mockery but there's been no followup
just to say nonsensical slogan repeat
over and over again you're making me
really hungry and I know where to get
tamale is
here surprisingly there's a
reasonable Mexican food presence in
Portland one that
feels good I'm I'm from California so my
opinions on Mexican food are going to be
informed mostly by the fact I've eaten
Mexican food from Mexican family most of
my life so I'm not Mexican but most of
my friends in in school were either that
or
Filipino and so while I'm not Mexican
and I've never been to Mexico I have
like at least a
reasonable uh propensity to evaluate the
relative authenticity of Mexican food
outside of Mexico at least which a very
specific subset of skills but it kind of
matters cuz Filipinos are the Mexicans
of Asia
so that's that's what they
say um Mexican food is like one of my
passions I love I it's it's the best
food in the world
really it's like a actual General flavor
palette where people actually know what
what spice is and flavor is and not
afraid to actually make something that
tastes
good I think for me I I like Burger
because it's
safe it's like it's a safe food for sure
but it's hard to get a burger that has
like that bursts with flavor you
know all the flavor from a burger will
probably just come from sauce or cheese
or whatever
okay and now people are getting lynched
I hear behind the whirling in rags a
disastrous situation if there ever was
one excuse me from whom did you hear
about this lynching I first heard it
from the Boyer at the gates the one
whose very name advertises his aversion
to work I think he said it was call me
Manana this checks out mhm
the
scabs you mean the huddled masses of
Jamrock come to plead for work where the
union refuses to don't let her answer it
herself if these strike Breakers were
organized by wild Pines or its
Affiliates then it would be a company
secret I could not share it with you not
yet at least it's implied she's open to
discussing this matter with you at a
later
occasion everal CLA is a man of the
utmost Integrity if you can say one
thing about him it's that he always puts
the interests of the workers first of
course not Evart is fantastically
corrupt I imagine he has a thick viscous
goo where you and I have blood oh do you
perhaps mean sludge if you were to prick
him with something sharp you could see
it oozing out a knife maybe no a
rapia oh heavens no we get along just
fine yet now that you mention it I can't
stop imagining that black treal just
dribbling down his double
chin he is the most corrupt individual I
have ever seen te and I deal with men
like him for a living if there is anyone
more venal more irredeemably nepotistic
than it's his twin brother
Edgar have you seen
him Edgar looks exactly like his brother
except for that lazy eye he also talks
exactly like evro does and when one's
term is form other takes over Rejoice
the messiest I need you to run it back
what the [__] do you mean the rivers run
red rude
the the joke of wolf rude
actually do I play the uh do
I editors in chat do I play the video
you know the
one I I probably have
to the yeah the joke of
him the joke of
him but like the one that chat hasn't
seen the special
edition it may be it may be required to
show the joke of 3 okay
so the most beloved pfri
Squad they they know my love for
clickhole
and they wished to honor this in such a
way think about a joy that is so big you
can't even imagine it are you at the
limits of your mind too bad because you
need to get 3 million times happier
that's how good it feels to know the
joke of 328
dead by 2024 I had learned almost all
the jokes of violet Pony but the joke of
328 remained a beautiful mystery then
one day it hit me it was like getting
struck by lightning and suddenly I
understood the joke of 328 dead nobody
prepares you for the moment you realize
the joke of him dead it's just a normal
Monday or Thursday or Wednesday or a
weekend or it's a Tuesday or a Friday I
was actually asleep at my bed when I
woke up with an understanding about 328
deep in my soul I I started shaking all
over and I drew this diagr on a piece of
toilet paper I found in the closet it
took me several years to decipher this
Divine graph now I know its meaning dead
and it's so funny that I'm still
laughing about it right now every minute
I'm even laughing about it right now now
I couldn't keep my mouth shut from
talking about it when I discovered 328
joke Dad it's how he's dead he's lost
his life I walked into the middle of the
Locust room and shouted the joke of 328
dead is so clear to me now 328 lives in
sat and the secret joke of him is that
he's dead dead when I whispered the
miracle of 328 joke into the ear of my
lover it wept for seven years and then
stopped and then I wept for seven years
it was amazing learning the joke of 328
is about Dad completely changed my life
for example my sister is now a corpse
just like funny 32 and I am so proud
dead Twilight Sparkle sent me a letter
and asked if I could explain to her the
joke of 328 dead I told her about the
way 328 stopped living and Twilight said
everyone on Starship Ponyville has heard
328 joke and now we're all all going to
stop fighting and get married now that I
no 328 it's wonderful joke Dad it's dead
I feel like a completely different lamb
I have more confidence and I read much
slower I smile bigger my hooves are
longer my wolf is gone and I am bankrupt
my only wish is that Creek flow's Soul
could have been there to watch me laugh
about 328 and his big joke about dead
instead Creek flow is still alive so it
came over and we talked about it for a
couple hours that was also pretty nice I
guess what I would say to people who
have never understood the J of 328 I
know it it's dead they need to imagine
someone who's being very dead and
understand how funny that is if you can
do that you're pretty close to
understanding the joke of him 328 and
how it works dead when you hear 328
doing his joke of dead try to laugh at
it and enjoy it this will help you
understand that it's good and that you
love it I showed up 3 years late to the
Garden cuz I was too busy trying to
understand the joke of 328 dead and I
would do it again in a
heartbeat
okay shout out to to pford Squadron for
this uh video and uh thank you pill cord
for everything and it is so funny that
I'm even laughing about it
now oh pigar to I I don't think I don't
think the viop pony General channel has
like common knowledge of to piglio so
that needs to wait for when we get to
piglio knowledge rolling and then we can
present that
one anyway
um so good thank you P squad for for
that
Masterpiece that was so Dad it's how
they circumvent the term limits you see
with a funny little
Switcheroo while in office they've
embezzled God knows how much of their
workers
dues the deard union was once a perfect
L normal institution 20 years ago anyway
it must not have been easy to establish
under the emergency act but they did it
I can respect that organized labor at
its best as they say then something
happened in the local chapter elections
the brothers CLA came and transformed it
into a how do you say a mob the debers
are a crime syndicate sad as it may be
we are forced to cooperate with them
refreshingly honest officer the company
has tried appeasing in the past but I'm
afraid our concessions have only
emboldened Evart and his
brother and your opinion detective if I
may ask I'm a curious and talkative
person you see would you say the de's
union
is of course officer
I'm glad you asked there was a woman the
previous forom of the Union she
disappeared disappeared yes on the last
day of the local chapter elections her
daughter phoned in and said she wasn't
running anymore or coming to work ever
end of story this for woman her
name sadly the company records do not
even give a name she's just four woman
in private the correspondence Holly I
don't even know if it's a sir or given
name and I don't have access to the
Union's files downright haunting if you
ask me the wild Pines suspected Foul
Play but what could they do it was a
union matter the point of the
presentation is these kinds of things
happen around the Claire's watch out
when you're dealing with him thank you
for your concern ma' we'll be just fine
of course how else can I
help you
have and how did you like Mr
CLA he's a beautiful
man cause of
capital oh come on now he has his uses
how else would he have stayed in power
all these years or wait actually
corruption that's how he's done it
fantastic verm like corruption ver like
reaching into the bows of the
Earth the position of my unusual
colleague does not reflect official
policy I hope you understand the RCM
does not pick sides of course and I
don't expect you to share anything he
told hold you with me I'm not a corrupt
verm
myself however if you felt like
discussing something how could I stop
you are we not human are we not curious
to hear another person's take it's only
natural we would only
be gossiping intellectually speaking it
would be quite interesting to hear what
she has to say about these things
oh that's so helpful of him what this
agent 47's Handler Diana I was thinking
that everyone else is talking about uh
Team Fortress 2 I'm thinking about Diana
the lieutenant looks at you and you can
swear his jaw muscle is trembling he's
able to contain the anger and surprise
and conventional police officers
sometimes lose their guns they then go
around and tell people about this to
gauge their reactions it's all part of
detecting
incredible simply
incredible and how is it going has this
detecting produced a
gun uh yes as you said please don't get
him in a loop if he gets in a loop it
will last forever ask him to see
something else please that's wrong you
don't get into Loops I know logic
totally slanderous maybe you've gotten
into one tiny Loop once oh no I've I've
gotten a few of them of course thank you
for the advice I'm glad you are here to
assist your other dealings with evad are
still of considerable interest to me the
lieutenant will be more lenient toward
sharing those
hopefully did you
now what sort of bch is he making the
strike Brew That's a classic and by turn
up the heat I I presume you mean put
more alcohol in it why if I may ask why
make them more drunk aren't they corked
enough
already wait I said this wrong yes
detective what were you hoping to
accomplish with this strange
thing Beyond curious I will choose to
interpret that as you turning the
alcohol in the strike Brew down for the
sake of our professional relationship
and because I don't like the idea of
them any more drunk than they already
are what else of course detective should
something come up later down the road
don't be afraid to drop by for a chat
until then is there anything I can help
you with quite a few things I'm afraid
the information I'm to share with you
includes sensitive trade secrets for the
sake of my employer I have to ask for
your names and badge numbers of course
ma'am we should have introduced
ourselves I am Lieutenant kitsuragi from
prisin 57 and this is my colleague from
pris 41 detective du I'm afraid Harry
doesn't have his badge at the moment I
hope mine will surfice oh and what
happened to yours
detective I see so are you saying you
lost your badge during the course of
this
episode I can't hear you darling speak
up
please oh
dear I suppose this does explain some of
the more Curious turns in our
conversation she must have been
suspecting something for a while now as
I said M his technique may be very
unconventional but he is an officer of
the RCN [__] of course I sympathize but
I'm afraid I simply can't share anything
more until I've seen that badge she's a
professional
negotiator she should be open to some
sort of mutually beneficial
Arrangement feelings will guide the
way I assure you it is no small matter
for me either we all share the
responsibility for disarming the
situation I hope you have a badge for me
as soon as possible
trust me officer I am fully committed to
resolving this impass this isn't some
side gig for me she's silent the wind
flaps the sail above her why am I saying
this
officer you know I don't mean to sound
cold but if you want something you have
to give something back more than just
guilt you're doing it despite your own
best efforts you're still getting in
somehow I'll be frank with you if I'm
going to break protocol I need to be
able to justify it to my superiors
they're going to want to see something
tangible the union is conducting drug
trade out of the harbor it's an Open
Secret in Martine surely it must not
come as a complete surprise to the RCM
either perhaps it's time to look into it
or you can find your badge which
honestly seems like a lost cause
detective a word in private before we
continue this is not going quite as I
hoped it would
detective honestly I was expecting you
to use your unorthodox technique to keep
her off balance and you know not
volunteers to be her
henchmen this woman is is running
circles around us she might have known
about your misplaced badge all along or
she simply an Adept improvisor either
way we've played straight into her
hand maybe this is all her plan she
might have heard about
you I wouldn't go that far her reaction
did come off a sincere to me I think
she's just quick to adapt she's a
professional after all oh that would be
fantastic but do we have the time the
world is large and your badge is 8x 6
cm the situation might have changed
drastically by the time you located time
is of the essence you could request a
new one from your station but that would
literally take
months no if there is reasonable
suspicion we must investigate otherwise
she could claim we're sing with the
union or that we are on their take we'd
never hear the end of it what I propose
is we ask her then we investigate
briefly but do not share the outcome of
this investigation with her we tell her
it's done and demand for her information
on the
linging he's so mad at me
why why can I not
speak I cannot speak to
her help
me
help I can't I
can't she's too pissed
okay well I I'll figure this out I think
it's a good time to
stop and continue on this
later it's bugged yeah hopefully just
saving
will restarting later the balloon
Champion always has trouble talking to
women
he he he he most certainly is the
balloon champion of the
universe what that means so what that
means for us we may not ever know
so thanks for coming to the stream and
uh and
uh we'll do this
again uh Remember December 23rd is uh no
matter what
and and what else oh I believe on
December 26th the day after Christmas of
course we will be
doing a a a special stream on December
26th I believe that may change
tentatively but
um for right now December
26th big big stream big special stream
and it will be at a more reasonable
time and what we will be doing
is I will be performing the entire movie
of Elf from relative
memory so I'm going to play Elf Slide by
slide and try and recite as much of the
movie as
possible I am allowed to have three like
lines to check the script for
information um if I if I run out of of
lifelines for the script I just have to
make [__] up I just have to [__] make
[__]
up is it going to be
great um [__] I have to I have to buy
spaghetti I got to buy spaghetti so we
can make a the elf spaghetti meal we'll
do
it say well once again December 26th I'm
going to do a stream and attempt to
recite all of the movie Elf by
memory so it's great it's going to be
horrible it's going to be horrible I'm
not going to understand how to do
anything but it's going to be
great the El spaghetti is just Jolly Be
food Jolly Be food fight me no it's
but yeah okay let me should I just I'm
going to keep I'm going to keep this
gift on screen for next time I stream
and uh it's just going to be a lovely
surprise I'm going to forget it's there
when I start up the stream and then
everyone's going to see it
so so thanks for thanks for joining us
and uh have a good night or morning or
whatever the
[Music]
I didn't forget the buy bad's bad's not
in call
[Music]